The root linear and angular velocities of the character are tracked within its local coordinate frame at the final timestep of a motion sequence, alongside the rotational movements of the character's joints and the 3D positions of the end-effectors, such as the hands and feet, represented within the character's local coordinate frame. To evaluate the effectiveness of SMP, we apply it to train policies for a suite of challenging motion control tasks. In Section 8.1, we demonstrate the modularity of SMP by using a pretrained model to develop new control policies without requiring access to the original motion dataset. By training a single style-conditioned diffusion model on an extensive dataset, the pretrained model can then be used to train policies for tasks in various styles, achieved simply by conditioning the model on the desired style label. Moreover, novel styles can be synthesized by integrating the pretrained diffusion model with various stylistic conditions. In Section 8.2, we show that a single motion prior can be effectively utilized across a range of tasks, including steering, target acquisition, and dodgeball. Furthermore, beyond merely regulating the behavioral style of the character, Section 8.3 illustrates that SMP is also capable of modeling human-object interaction priors. By training the diffusion model on human-object interaction datasets, SMP learns to jointly model both object and character dynamics, thereby enabling characters to exhibit human-like behaviors during object interaction tasks. Additionally, SMP facilitates the development of robust and natural recovery behaviors, as demonstrated in Section 8.4. Similar to other distribution-matching objectives, policies trained with SMP possess the ability to synthesize novel skills that are not explicitly represented within the reference dataset. In Section 8.5, when trained on a concise walk-jog-run dataset, SMP autonomously facilitates the emergence of distinct locomotion gaits that enable a character to accurately align with a broad range of target velocities and seamlessly transition between various gaits. Finally, to assess SMP's proficiency in motion imitation, we evaluate its performance on single-clip imitation tasks (Section 8.6). SMP demonstrates the capability to closely replicate a diverse array of dynamic and acrobatic skills, achieving motion quality comparable to leading adversarial imitation learning methodologies.