A closer look at the results of each sample reveals that, in some cases, choosing a different resolution actually leads to more accurate results compared to when the resolution is fixed at 112, as shown in Figure 3. The results of the image crops selected based on different resolutions and the visualization of the semantic similarity map provide a very intuitive analysis of the reasons: since the complete object is divided into different crops, some parts exhibit higher semantic similarity, as calculated by VisRAG, while others show lower similarity. After screening, only the parts with higher similarity are retained. However, this compromises the integrity of the target object and interferes with the judgment of MLLM. To address this issue, we propose a novel framework named Multi-resolution Retrieval Detection (MRD). The core design of MRD lies in its multi-resolution approach at different scales to better localize regions containing target objects. This enables subsequent search processes to more easily identify image crops corresponding to the target objects, eliminating irrelevant distractions and enhancing the perceptual understanding of high-resolution images by MLLMs. Based on the findings in subsection 3.2, we argue that using different resolutions for semantic similarity computation is more suitable for objects of varying sizes and locations. Inspired by this idea, we introduce a simple yet effective Multi-resolution Semantic Fusion method, which computes semantic similarity maps at different resolutions on a local scale and performs consistency-based fusion to refine the semantic similarity and improve its accuracy. Moreover, to more directly localize target objects, we incorporate an open-vocabulary object detection model that traverses the entire high-resolution image globally using a sliding window approach, generating confidence scores for regions containing target objects. Finally, by integrating the detection confidence scores with the multi-resolution semantic similarity maps, our method not only improves localization of target regions but also distinguishes fine-grained differences among crops in these regions, thereby assisting subsequent search processes in more accurately identifying key areas. The following sections will provide detailed explanations of each component.