Following the training phase, we developed a comprehensive and challenging evaluation benchmark designed to rigorously assess model capabilities (Section 3.5). Given the powerful capabilities of LLMs and the diversity of e-commerce data, our evaluation benchmark was meticulously crafted to ensure sample comprehensiveness while incorporating targeted hard sample mining based on the core competencies identified in Section 2. In this section, we conducted a series of necessary preliminary explorations, including three parts: feature construction, model selection, and prompt optimization, as shown in Fig. 6. Guided by the theoretical framework established in Section 2, effective relevance modeling necessitates a comprehensive construction of the item's attribute space. Thus, we selected features to endow the model with the necessary perception and reasoning skills spanning both visual and textual modalities. First, to address the need for visual attributes such as stylistic details, cuts, and patterns, we incorporated the item's Main Product Image. This visual input is essential for "image-heavy" queries where textual descriptions alone are insufficient. Moreover, to enrich the item-side attribute features, we introduced category-property-value (CPV) triples and Stock-keeping-unit (SKU) identifiers. However, considering that CPV information contains some redundant items that are irrelevant for relevance judgment, we introduced a pipeline combining prior knowledge with LLMs for filtering. Specifically, CPV information is presented in key-value pairs, and there exists key co-occurrence across similar products. For example, both "eye cream" and "face cream" products typically contain the key "brand." Therefore, we conducted statistical analysis based on a large volume of product data to obtain medium-to-high frequency keys. Subsequently, we prompted the advanced language model Qwen3-235B-Instruct with the relevance task definition, the considered attributes, and each key, asking the model to judge whether each attribute is beneficial for the relevance task. To improve judgment accuracy, we performed eight sampling iterations on the model outputs and retained only those attributes where the self-consistency result was "true."