Nonparametric comparisons between the real-world and simulated datasets revealed no significant differences in central tendency for any subscale, as indicated by the Mann-Whitney U test. However, the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test indicated significant differences in the overall distribution of scores for all variables. These findings suggest that while the simulated data closely approximated the real-world data in terms of mean values, their underlying distributions differed substantially in shape. Therefore, we believe that these results partially support our fourth hypothesis. Histograms comparing the distribution of the real and simulated datasets are displayed in Figure 2. To exclude potential biases from using a dataset we previously collected, we repeated the procedure using data from an independent cohort. For this purpose, the English dataset used to validate the "Information and Communication Self Concept, 25 Items" (ICT-SC25) was chosen. This scale measures an individual's self-perceived competence relating to information and communication technologies. It is composed of 25 Likert-type items, further broken down into five subscales reflecting domain-specific aspects of ICT self-concept: communication, information management, content creation, safe usage, and problem-solving. Choosing this scale and its accompanying dataset was motivated by its robust validation and public accessibility. In line with our initial study, the hypotheses and procedures were preregistered before generating the simulated data. The methodology for generating synthetic data was modified due to the absence of ethnicity information in the new dataset. Consequently, only age and gender variables were utilized. Furthermore, the dataset contained unique identifiers for each individual, facilitating the alignment of synthetic individuals with real counterparts based on age and gender. Instances of repeated identifiers were removed to ensure precise sample matching. The final sample comprised 331 participants, exceeding the initial target of 300. Comprehensive demographic information is presented in Table 1.