While GRAPHECTORY is broadly applicable to any agentic system, we focus our study on agentic programming systems, specifically SWE-agent [54] and OpenHands [51], due to their rich and diverse trajectories. These systems involve cycles of planning, bug localization, code modification, and patch validation, all of which can be programmatically assessed. For our experiments, we employed these agentic systems with four language models as the backbone—DeepSeek-V3 [14], DeepSeek-R1 [18], Devstral-small-2505 [7], and Claude Sonnet 4 [9]—to address real-world issues sourced from 12 GitHub repositories within the SWE-Bench Verified benchmark [37]. Our comprehensive systematic analysis reveals several key insights. Firstly, unsuccessful runs are longer and fraught with inefficiencies. Across agents and backbone models, the GRAPHECTORY of unresolved issues consistently exhibits greater complexity than that of resolved ones, with more back edges, indicating more repetitions and inefficient patterns. Secondly, trajectory complexity increases with task difficulty. As problems become more challenging for human developers, agents also explore deeper and wider, with more frequent strategy shifts to sustain progress. Thirdly, there is an adaptive strategy refinement. Although agents primarily follow the global plan outlined in the system prompt, they also change their strategy at intermediate turns, often requiring additional searching and gradual debugging for harder problems. Lastly, there is an imbalance between efficiency and success. Even when successful in issue repair, agents still demonstrate significant inefficiency during problem-solving, highlighting the importance of process-centric evaluation to underscore the imbalance between efficiency and repair success. We formally define GRAPHECTORY below and will use these notions to define process-centric evaluation metrics and analysis. To illustrate the definitions and concepts, we use GRAPHECTORY examples obtained from programming agents' trajectories. While GRAPHECTORY provides a rich representation of an agentic software system's in-depth semantics analysis, graphs alone can be overly detailed and challenging to compare across agents, backbone LLMs, or problems. Therefore, to complement the structural view, we define LANGUTORY, a compact, human-readable abstraction of the GRAPHECTORY that represents the language of trajectories.