The MODOMA framework consists of two main components: the mother agent and the daughter agent. Delilah, the Leiden generator and parser of Dutch, serves as the mother agent. Crucially, Delilah's grammatical knowledge is not derived from a corpus. Instead, both the parser and generator operate using the same grammar, which consists of predefined graph structures made up of attribute-value matrices. These graphs correspond to words and grammatical constructions, explicitly specifying numerous grammatical properties such as phonological form, concepts, logical meaning representation, grammatical number, grammatical person, and syntactic category (e.g., determiner, noun, or verb). For instance, Delilah's template for the determiner "de" ('the.MASC/FEM') illustrates its lexical and grammatical knowledge. These graphs are meticulously crafted based on linguistic analyses of the Dutch lexicon and grammar, ensuring that Delilah's grammar is closely aligned with linguistic insights. Thus, Delilah provides a complementary perspective, particularly when contrasted with the data-driven approach of large language models. While Delilah's lexicon contains a large but finite list of words and constructions, these templates can be combined to form more complex utterances, such as noun phrases and sentences. For example, the template for "de" can be used by Delilah to form noun phrases like "de vrouw" ("the woman"). These templates are combined through a process called unification, a mathematical procedure that checks for conflicting features. If no conflicts are found, it creates a template that incorporates all the information from the original templates. As shown in Figure 1, the complement position associated with "de" is constrained to only contain noun phrases, as indicated by the specification ARG|SYNSEM|CAT:n. Given the highly detailed nature of Delilah's representations, it is beyond the scope of this paper to provide a full account of all features involved. However, Cremers et al. provide an elaborate account of unification in the context of Delilah. In applying unification to graph structures for producing and parsing utterances, Delilah resembles head-driven phrase structure grammar (HPSG). Here, the terms 'grammar' and 'lexicon' are used synonymously, as there is no principled formal distinction between concrete words and abstract grammatical rules. Moreover, this language model executes a combinatory list grammar, which is related to combinatory categorial grammar (CCG). The characteristics of this language model are extensively discussed in scholarly studies. For the purposes of the MODOMA, Delilah, the mother agent, is employed in its original configuration.