Agentic systems are akin to modern software architectures: they consist of orchestrated components, expose interfaces, and are deployed within software pipelines. Unlike traditional programs, their execution, or trajectories, is characterized by stochastic and adaptive processes tailored to the problem at hand. Evaluation of these systems is often outcome-centric, focusing on success or failure at the final step. However, this narrow focus overlooks the intricate processes of reasoning, planning, action, and adaptation that occur throughout their operational trajectory. To address this gap, we introduce GRAPHECTORY, inspired by the structured representation of conventional software systems as graphs, to systematically encode the temporal and semantic relations within these systems. GRAPHECTORY facilitates the development of process-centric metrics and analyses that assess the quality of agentic workflows beyond mere success. Utilizing GRAPHECTORY, we analyzed 4000 trajectories from two predominant agentic programming methodologies, SWE-agent and OpenHands, in conjunction with four principal Large Language Models (LLMs), aimed at resolving SWE-bench Verified issues. Our automated analyses reveal that: (1) agents employing richer prompts or more robust LLMs exhibit more complex GRAPHECTORY, indicative of deeper cognitive processing, broader contextual assimilation, and more rigorous validation prior to patch submission; (2) the problem-solving strategies of agents vary with both the complexity of the problem and the specific LLM employed—for resolved issues, the strategies typically adhere to coherent localization-patching-validation sequences, whereas unresolved issues manifest disordered, repetitive, or regressive behaviors; (3) even when effective, agentic programming systems frequently demonstrate inefficiencies, resulting in unnecessarily extended trajectories. Agentic systems leveraging large language models (LLMs) have emerged as a promising paradigm for autonomously addressing complex, multi-step tasks across diverse domains, including software engineering, web navigation, virtual assistance, scientific discovery, and robotic navigation. Similar to conventional software systems, agentic systems are composed of orchestrated modules such as LLMs, tools, APIs, and memory, and they encompass inputs, internal states, operational mechanisms, and outputs. However, unlike traditional systems that operate in a deterministic manner, these systems generate trajectories—chronological sequences of reasoning, action, and observation—that collectively form the logic required to accomplish tasks. The evaluation of agentic software systems has predominantly focused on outcome-centric measures, assessing the extent to which the generated trajectory successfully resolves the given problem.