Humans possess a remarkable ability: given appropriate instructions—whether in words or diagrams—they adapt immediately to novel tasks without additional training. We have comprehensively compared the brain and AI across sensory, cognitive, and motor domains by subdividing circuit computations into three components: circuit architecture, input-output transformation, and learning algorithms. Through the lens of world-model-based information processing, we found that recent AI circuits are converging toward brain-like processing, yielding significant insights into the computational principles of the brain. The neocortex and cerebellum predict future states of the external world from past inputs and learn to minimize prediction error. In this process, they compress and abstract information about the external world to form compact, powerful world models. These models enable three fundamental types of information processing: (1) Prediction—generating future information; (2) Understanding (sensory processing)—interpreting the external world by using abstract information within the world models, such as features, laws, and causal relationships (e.g., object recognition and text comprehension); and (3) Generation (motor processing)—repurposing the future-information generation mechanism to generate other types of information output (e.g., action planning, language planning, and imitation learning). This world-model-based mechanism is the secret that allows the neocortex and cerebellum to accomplish a diverse range of functions despite their relatively uniform circuit structures and computations. In conclusion, world-model-based information processing is a common computational foundation that underlies a wide range of functions and intelligence in the neocortex, cerebellum, and AI. A deeper understanding of world-model-based computation will be essential not only for advancing and bridging neuroscience and AI but also for illuminating the core principles of intelligence. The human brain learns far more rapidly than large language models from vastly fewer examples and exhibits superior computational efficiency. Although new-generation large language models have successfully improved learning and computational efficiency by incorporating brain-like Mixture-of-Experts mechanisms, they remain far short of the brain's efficiency. In the process of bridging this efficiency gap, AI will continue learning from the brain, while neuroscience will gain new insights from AI.