Explanations within XAI must meet specific criteria. Firstly, explanations should be comprehensible to the intended audience, and secondly, they must be faithful to the model being explained. Comprehensibility is inherently dependent on the characteristics of the recipient, yet it generally necessitates that explanations are presented in a clear and concise manner. Fidelity requires that the explanation accurately represents the model's underlying mechanisms without introducing distortions, which may occur if the explanation is deliberately constrained or manipulated. Although fidelity and comprehensibility are distinct attributes, optimizing each independently presents significant challenges. For instance, explanations that align with individuals' expectations are often perceived as more comprehensible; however, this may introduce bias if it influences the selection of explanations. Furthermore, a faithful explanation that is misinterpreted can equally mislead the explainer. This study introduces a post-hoc causal XAI framework designed to elucidate models, thereby enhancing both understandability and fidelity. Explanations should be articulated using accessible language and structured to demonstrate causal relationships, as this aligns with the inherent framework of explanation typically utilized in human communication. Consequently, this approach facilitates the alignment of the intended interpretation with the actual interpretation by the recipient, obviating the necessity for supplementary instructions on how the explanation should be understood, and enabling a more concise and streamlined representation. The use of accessible language is crucial due to the potential divergence between the features utilized by the model and those most suitable for elucidation. This notion underpins a collection of methodologies referred to as Concept-based XAI (C-XAI). This approach posits that, although models are adept at processing data in forms such as images and graphs, human communication predominantly relies on high-level, semantically meaningful concepts.