Reasoning has become a popular paradigm for improving the performance of large language models (LLMs) across various tasks. Initially introduced through prompting methods like Chain-of-Thought (CoT) (Wei et al., 2022), which guides models to generate intermediate reasoning steps before arriving at a final response, reasoning has since evolved towards reinforcement learning (RL)-based approaches that further refine the models' ability to produce high-quality reasoning traces. In domains where answer verification is straightforward, such as mathematics and coding, RL training has significantly enhanced performance by using the verifier as a reward signal (Shao et al., 2024; Lambert et al., 2025). Recently, there has been growing interest in extending RL methods to domains where answer verification is inherently more challenging, such as narrative generation and comprehension (Ahuja et al., 2025; Gurung and Lapata, 2025). However, the performance gains from RL often come with increased computational costs during inference and training, as reasoning traces become longer (Shen et al., 2025a). Consequently, efforts have been made to improve the efficiency of reasoning, aiming to accelerate both RL and inference-time generation (Sui et al., 2025). One promising approach is latent reasoning, which generates traces formed of continuous token embeddings instead of, or in addition to, discrete tokens. The rationale for these latent reasoning methods is twofold: firstly, many tokens are perceived not to contain information useful for predicting the answer; secondly, human reasoning is often conducted implicitly without explicit verbalization. By maintaining thoughts in a non-token space, models can retain more information than when decoding into discrete tokens. For example, Hao et al. (2025) argue that continuous embeddings can represent a mixture of reasoning steps, effectively approximating the simultaneous execution of multiple reasoning rollouts. In this work, we introduce LiteReason, a latent reasoning algorithm designed for narrative understanding and generation tasks, where both inputs and outputs often span thousands of tokens. LiteReason incorporates a Reasoning Projector head into a base LLM, enabling the generation of both text tokens via discrete sampling and continuous embeddings via latent reasoning mode. This mode is activated by a special start-of-thought symbol, as illustrated in Figure 1. After pretraining the Reasoning Projector, we perform RL fine-tuning of the base model.