The interviews will focus on the following questions: ① Which aspects of your cognitive processes are the most challenging to articulate during the creative process? ② Which of the four foundational components is the most beneficial in supporting your creative endeavors? ③ Do you encounter any obstacles, and what strategies do you employ to overcome them? ④ Are novel insights generated during the creative process? Participants (P1-P4) demonstrated a preference for story creation using a drag-and-drop card interface over text-based outlining methods, citing greater enjoyment with the former. However, some participants also voiced concerns regarding the repetitive nature of editing unit attributes (P1, P4). P1 noted, "When creating a story, my first instinct is always to focus on the broader framework, so I start by using event cards and entity cards to outline the story. Then, I fill in the attributes of the event and entity cards." P4 added, "I had to revise several times during the creation process. If the attribute editing could be made more convenient, I would be even more inclined to use this method." Additionally, some participants suggested that certain semantic information within the story could be conveyed through interactive methods (P2, P3). P2 said, "I prefer placing entity cards involved in the same event on top of the event cards. Attaching entity cards to event cards allows me to easily see which entities are involved in the event." P3 proposed, "Relationship cards could be used to connect different entity cards. If event cards were organized with connecting lines, it would more effectively illustrate the sequence and flow of events." Building on these insights, we identify key interaction patterns (Figure 2) and propose the following three design goals: - DG1: The system should allow interfaces for entering the attributes of each foundational unit to facilitate the user's construction of the initial story framework. - DG2: The system should help users understand the overall narrative structure, facilitating the analysis of connections between entities and relations among events. - DG3: The system should provide evaluations and targeted suggestions to improve the current story framework.