OmniFusion is adapted to leverage lecture slide screenshots during live translation by extracting relevant slides from segmented audio. Moreover, we introduce an open-source image-to-image translation pipeline with modular components, enabling future research on full-image and slide translation as well as rendering. The inclusion of images is shown to enhance speech translation (ST) performance for downstream natural language processing (NLP) tasks across various large language models (LLMs), with demonstrated improvements in different language pairs. To this end, we evaluate several optical character recognition (OCR) models and assess the translation quality of both unimodal and multimodal neural machine translation (NMT) models for image translation. To fully localize lecture content across multiple modalities and languages, and to support accessibility tasks such as summarization (SUM) and question answering (QA), we develop multimodal translation systems. Our approach performs multimodal ST and utilizes the resulting transcripts for downstream LLM tasks. Slides are translated by converting text and images into the target language while preserving their layout and visual coherence. To map visual context to each audio segment and improve usability, we developed a PDF viewer that displays slides with overlaid captions synchronized to the presenter’s selected slide (Figure 8). This interface enables participants to follow translations while viewing slides and allows the system to automatically identify the corresponding slide for each audio segment, thereby providing essential context for multimodal ST. In this section, we first describe the multimodal ST pipeline, including the process of extracting slide images and associating them with audio segments. Next, we outline how the resulting translations are utilized for downstream tasks such as SUM and QA. Finally, we detail the slide-translation process, including the detection, translation, and re-rendering of text embedded within slide images. Additional technical specifications for the Text-to-Speech (TTS) module are provided in Appendix A.1. While several ST systems support multilingual translation, they are not well-suited for live lecture scenarios. Most existing systems are designed for offline tasks with fixed segmentation, which is incompatible with streaming audio and requires simultaneous translation policies to determine when sufficient audio has been received. Furthermore, current systems are either unimodal, ignoring slides, or multimodal but lack multilingual support. However, lecture scenarios demand both multimodality and multilinguality, necessitating the integration of these functionalities into lecture delivery.