Summarization. As shown in Table 3, summaries generated from audio combined with image inputs consistently outperform those based on audio-only across most languages and models, even though the summarization models are text-only. The gains are most pronounced in English, German, and Italian, whereas results for Chinese slightly degraded. We presume this is because English domain terminology appears in references for Latin-alphabet languages, while the lexical distance between English and Chinese prevents the models from consistently benefiting from additional context provided in English. Question Answering. In most settings, incorporating visual context yields slightly better results for QA, though the gains are much less pronounced compared to summarization. In most cases, we observe small improvements but also performance regression in four out of twelve language-model combinations. We assume that these mixed results occur because the model does not receive the image data itself but rather the improved textual context through multimodality, which is insufficient for reliably enhancing question-answering capabilities. Streaming speech translation has been extensively studied over the last decade, with several lecture translation tools leveraging this technology, although these systems primarily rely on audio input. In contrast, our work extends lecture translation to multimodal input, incorporating visual cues from slides, and multimodal output, producing translated audio and slides in multiple languages. Image-to-image translation remains relatively under-explored; however, interest in this area is growing with the availability of larger datasets. Most existing work focuses solely on text translation within images, without addressing the aligned re-rendering of the visual content. An initial step in this direction explicitly models the rendering process to ensure visual integrity post-translation. Our image translation pipeline provides a modular foundation, enabling researchers to integrate models at any stage from OCR to translation and rendering, without needing to implement additional components.