In addition, it fosters the creation of new products with innovative features tailored to each analogous business market. These examples can motivate teams in the adoption of Software Product Lines (SPL). Reducing risks is crucial to limiting resistance to change. Here, we outline several strategies to mitigate these issues. It is imperative to consider all concerns, whether directly associated with these risks or not, as they can hinder successful adoption. Certain risks and challenges are recurrent in SPL adoption; however, they are not insurmountable if we navigate the transition with careful consideration of these factors. The perception of complexity often arises from a misunderstanding of Software Product Line Engineering (SPLE). Nevertheless, an SPL may also present significant challenges even for those well-versed in SPLE. Complexity may be inherent within the SPL itself; however, it should not surpass the complexity of the existing codebase with which the IT team is already familiar and proficient. Within the SPL, certain assumptions regarding variability are explicitly articulated through models, thereby enhancing "understandability" and effectively addressing complexity. We posit that the necessity for training and demonstration is intrinsically linked to this perception. Thus, we elucidated that an SPL facilitates the conservation of time, which can be utilized for the integration of new features and the pursuit of more innovative development endeavors. By articulating this, we mitigate the risk of forfeiting time allocated for creative processes, as highlighted by UX professionals, and the potential loss of time for pioneering development. Furthermore, potential adverse effects can be circumvented through more comprehensive non-regression testing. Fears can be mitigated by dedicating time to attentively listen to the concerns of the team and engage in discussions regarding both weaknesses and strengths. Moreover, these fears are perceived as biases by the interviewees. The perception of an SPL as a system that is excessively complex to utilize and evolve, thereby rendering the new approach ineffective, is understandable. Trust can be restored by providing open access to the SPL as a transparent system, accompanied by comprehensive explanations and extensive documentation, and by involving all relevant stakeholders in the project. The inclusion of stakeholders begins by inviting them to participate in the transition process. It is crucial to encourage them to engage in regular reporting throughout all phases. This approach facilitates a sense of being acknowledged and understood, while also ensuring that assistance is readily available when required.