Scientist of Tech AI and Executive Director of the Machine Learning Center at the Georgia Institute of Technology, he holds the Rhesa S. Farmer Distinguished Chair of Advanced Computing Concepts and is a Georgia Research Alliance Eminent Scholar. He received his PhD in Electrical Engineering from Georgia Tech and is recognized as an IEEE Fellow. Moreover, he has held positions at SRI International, Nuance Communications, Yahoo!, Microsoft, Google, Viv Labs, and Samsung, contributing significantly to advancements across diverse domains. His research spans acoustics, active noise and vibration control, speaker recognition, web search technologies, AI-driven virtual assistants, natural language processing, and conversational artificial intelligence. This tutorial is designed for researchers and practitioners working at the intersection of conversational agents and spoken information interaction systems. We assume attendees will have a foundational understanding of natural language processing and speech processing. While experience with system deployment is beneficial, the tutorial is structured to provide a carefully paced introduction to core materials, ensuring accessibility for a broader audience. The following publications are recommended as preparatory reading for the tutorial: Stolcke et al. (2000) on dialogue act modeling for automatic tagging and recognition of conversational speech; Moore (2017) on the nuanced nature of spoken language and its implications for human-machine interaction; Liu et al. (2018) on dialogue learning with human teaching and feedback in task-oriented dialogue systems; Yang et al. (2021) on reprogramming acoustic models for time series classification; Chen et al. (2023a) on generative speech recognition leveraging large language models; and Zhang et al. (2023) on SpeechGPT and its integration of conversational capabilities across multimodal frameworks. While we will reference dozens of relevant papers throughout the tutorial, we plan to take a closer look at seven to eight key research papers in detail, with only one or two authored by the presenter.