Recent advancements in large language models (LLMs) have enabled the unification of task-oriented and open-domain dialogue systems. This section of the tutorial explores this technological shift and highlights several promising future directions. For instance, these include the development of novel foundational LLMs pretrained on conversational datasets (Jawale et al., 2024), end-to-end training of dialogue systems (Liu et al., 2017, 2018), and the use of dialogue self-play for model refinement (Shah et al., 2018a,b). Furthermore, a key area of future exploration lies in the creation of situated dialogue systems that ground LLM-based interactions in diverse content sources, such as web pages (Heck et al., 2013), lists (Bapna et al., 2017), forms (Heck et al., 2024), tables (Sundar and Heck, 2023; Sundar et al., 2024b,a), and scholarly articles containing figures, equations, and tables (Sundar et al., 2024c), as well as retrieved documents (Reichman and Heck, 2024). These systems also incorporate multimodal elements, including vision (Hakkani-Tur et al., 2014), knowledge (Reichman et al., 2023), emotion (Reichman et al., 2024), and expressions such as facial and lip movements, body gestures, and other nonverbal cues (Punjwani and Heck, 2024b,a). Huck Yang, a Senior Research Scientist at NVIDIA Research, earned his PhD from Georgia Institute of Technology. His research focuses on speech-language modeling, robust speech recognition, and multimodal post-editing models. He has delivered tutorials at ASRU and Interspeech 2023 on "Parameter-Efficient Language Modeling for Speech Processing" and conducted a series of tutorials at ICASSP on "Prompt Learning for Speech-Language Models" from 2022 to 2024. Andreas Stolcke, a Distinguished AI Scientist and Vice President at Uniphore, holds a PhD in Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley. Previously, he held positions at Amazon, SRI International, and Microsoft, where he made significant contributions to the field. His research spans language modeling, automatic speech recognition, speaker identification, and speech translation. He is an IEEE Fellow and a Fellow of the International Speech Communication Association (ISCA), with enduring research interests in language modeling for speech processing, paralinguistics, and conversational AI.