Since all linguistic knowledge is explicitly represented and can be consulted by researchers with respect to both agents, this approach provides an insightful addition to systems that learn language but do not employ explicit representations, such as large language models. The MODOMA implements unsupervised learning, as the input data to the language acquisition device are unannotated, and this module has no access to the mother agent's internal processing and parsing mechanisms. Moreover, the daughter agent can utilize its previously acquired grammatical knowledge to facilitate further language acquisition. This additional acquisition technique, introduced for the purposes of the MODOMA, is termed internal annotation, a form of self-supervised learning. As far as we know, the combination of characteristics and research possibilities entailed by the multiagent MODOMA framework represents a novel design. In particular, the resulting system can be used to conduct language acquisition experiments based on natural language involving an adult language model and an acquiring language model. These agents engage in interactions, ensuring that all aspects of the system—such as parameter settings, input, executed language acquisition procedures, interaction, generated utterances, and acquired grammar—are user-controlled, reproducible, measurable, and verifiable. Ter Hoeve et al. (2022) present a roadmap of a teacher-student loop to model language acquisition and implement two experiments corresponding to the initial steps. The first experiment aims to model separate domains using 'two strictly separated vocabularies' of an artificial language, while the second experiment addresses distinctive structures modeled by repetitions of tokens. As part of these experiments, the teacher selects a fixed number of training data from a set of pre-constructed sentences to provide to multiple student language models. After training, the student models are examined with respect to a test set consisting of different sentences from the artificial language. Additionally, a teacher language model is trained on another subset of sentences and subsequently assessed. This framework differs from the MODOMA most notably regarding the training and test data: in the work by ter Hoeve et al. (2022), the input contains pre-constructed utterances of an artificial language, whereas for the MODOMA, the data are representative of a natural language and are produced online by Delilah as part of the interaction based on an explicitly defined grammar model of Dutch.