Other approaches include CoT2, which learns to produce token mixtures similar to training-free methods and is applied to GPT-2 for logical reasoning tasks. CODI employs a teacher-student distillation framework to improve performance on GSM8k for GPT-2 and Llama 3.1 1B models. Moreover, Token Assorted develops new token embeddings via VQ-VAE and is used in training Llama 3.1 8B for mathematical and logical reasoning tasks. In contrast, our LiteReason approach diverges from these methods in several ways. Firstly, we do not rely on large datasets of reasoning traces like GSM8k-Aug, as such datasets are unavailable for our tasks. Instead, we exclusively use traces generated by the model itself. Secondly, we only train a lightweight Reasoning Projector for latent reasoning, rather than the entire model, based on the hypothesis that over-training the base model for token-embedding generation may destabilize its token-generation capabilities. Thirdly, we allow the interleaving of latent and discrete reasoning, hypothesizing that the model will learn a useful balance between them during RL training. Finally, although many existing approaches compare against Chain-of-Thought prompting and some incorporate RL, to our knowledge, none compare final performance against a non-latent RL-trained model. We believe this baseline offers a more realistic point of comparison for challenging tasks, so we include it in our experiments as an upper bound on performance and computational constraints. In the realm of narrative tasks, while much reasoning work has focused on domains like math and coding, there is a substantial body of research applying LLMs to narrative understanding and generation tasks. Numerous studies on story generation prompt models to perform specific sub-tasks, such as planning plot events or generating character details, which can be seen as distinct reasoning styles. However, these tasks are often challenging to adapt to the RL domain due to their lack of verifiable rewards. In this study, we focus on two specific tasks that evaluate narrative-based reasoning.