Concerns about migration and its potential adverse effects are frequently expressed by individuals, focusing on perceived negative outcomes. During discussions about the benefits, interviewees also articulated fears related to identified risks. Two critical questions helped uncover these fears: "Do you perceive value in this approach for the current processes of the company?" and "What is your perspective on developing a platform for rapid software creation?" The analysis revealed seven distinct fears, illustrated in Figure 4. The primary concerns of IT professionals include perceptions of the system as potentially ineffective, overly complex, and likely to encounter resistance to change (see Table 7). Therefore, all stakeholders, regardless of their roles, emphasized the need for comprehensive training and demonstrations. This would enable a better evaluation of an SPL's applicability to their processes and facilitate integration into this novel approach. Drawing upon established good practices and understanding associated benefits, risks, and concerns, we propose guidelines to facilitate the transition to an SPL. These guidelines stem from internal discussions and decisions within the organization. In this section, we outline anticipated outcomes (Sect. 5.1), strategies to exploit current best practices (Sect. 5.2), methods to promote future advantages (Sect. 5.3), approaches to mitigate risks (Sect. 5.4), strategies to alleviate concerns (Sect. 5.5), precise measures to be implemented (Sect. 5.6), and subsequently, a comprehensive discussion (Sect. Prior to interviews, we contemplated potential outcomes. It was posited that individuals with knowledge or an affinity for reusability would likely exhibit the most positive and engaged responses. They should be encouraged to initiate and facilitate project implementation. In this study, experienced developers emphasized mindset importance, while less experienced ones focused on technical aspects. Nonetheless, this divergence in experience did not yield significant differences in the quantity or quality of responses obtained.