At the conclusion of the study, participants were invited to share any additional thoughts on AI-generated music (see Supplements C for detailed phrasing). Participants' personality traits were assessed using a short version of the Big Five Inventory (BFI-10; Rammstedt and John, 2007), a validated measure available in both English and German, focusing on five key traits, including Openness. Basic socio-demographic characteristics, such as age, gender, nationality, and educational attainment, were collected to better understand our sample and examine the extent to which they influence the study outcomes. Although the survey allowed for non-binary responses, all participants identified as either male or female; therefore, gender was coded as a binary variable. Furthermore, language proficiency in the survey language was assessed to ensure that participants could understand subtle differences in adjectives describing their emotional experiences. All statistical analyses were performed in Python (v3.9.20) using the pandas (v2.2.2) library for data handling, scipy (v1.12.0) for correlation and ANOVA testing, and statsmodels (v0.14.4) for mixed-effects models. Figures were created in R (v4.3.3) using the ggplot2 package (Wickham, 2016). Thematic analysis of open-ended responses regarding AI-generated music was conducted following the methodology outlined by Braun and Clarke (2006), using MAXQDA (v24.10) for qualitative data analysis. Additional participant-level robustness analyses, which involved averaging ratings across all songs per participant, are detailed in Appendix C. These analyses replicated the composer bias effect for liking but did not reveal significant group differences for emotional intensity. To assess whether the experimental condition influenced liking and emotional intensity ratings beyond individual differences and music stimuli, we fit linear mixed-effects models with crossed random intercepts for participants and songs, while controlling for personality traits, listening characteristics, and the music model used. The results are presented in Table 1.