In this section, we illustrate the features of our interface using a use case scenario called "Picture Composition." This feature offers users clear information, such as the number of entities and events, and types of relationships, providing an overview to guide the creation process. Figure 5.a shows a diagram for picture composition, while Figure 5.b illustrates how P4 creates a story using TaleFrame. P4 starts by dragging the event "Jack shoves Ryan," which represents the first grid in the diagram, onto the canvas (Figure 6.f). Next, P4 attaches the two entities involved in this event to the box (Figure 6.g). Then, P4 connects the two entities (Figure 6.h1), clicks on the connection line, and edits the relationship attributes (Figure 6.e), such as emotion type, action type, relationship strength, and relationship evolution. The "action_direction" attribute of the relationship is represented by the "connect node," which defaults to the start point and end point (e.g., "from Jack to Ryan"). However, for the event "confront each other" in the second grid, where the action "confront" is mutual, a switch labeled "is bidirectional" is provided. When activated, this switch automatically sets the action_direction to "bidirectional." By repeating this process, P4 completes the remaining three grids, linking the four event boxes to finalize the entire story framework (Figure 6.h2). Finally, P4 clicks the "Modify Story" button, edits the title and description, and assigns the four events to the appropriate stages of the story. The story is then scored on seven dimensions according to the same evaluation criteria (Figure 6.1), and a comprehensive suggestion is generated based on the feedback (Figure 6.m). According to the suggestion, P4 modifies aspects with lower scores, such as enhancing relationships between certain events. After that, P4 clicks the "Regenerate" button to generate a new version. Finally, P4 clicks the "Export" button to obtain the final story, the framework diagram, and the JSON file.