Thinking in Language Models for Evaluation. The reliability of judgments from large language models (LLMs) is often enhanced when the model is prompted to generate intermediate reasoning steps before delivering a final verdict, a technique popularized by Chain-of-Thought (CoT) prompting (Wei et al., 2022). In the context of evaluation, this "thinking" process enables the model to articulate the criteria for judgment and justify its decision, leading to the "Thinking-LLM-as-a-Judge" paradigm (Saha et al., 2025). This explicit reasoning not only improves the accuracy of the judgments (Zhang et al., 2025) but also increases their interpretability. Our work leverages the generation of these independent thinking traces and investigates how to best aggregate the resulting rating samples. Inference Time Compute and Sample Aggregation: Multiple strategies have been proposed that leverage inference time compute (Liu et al., 2025). When multiple samples are generated using ITC, an aggregation strategy becomes necessary. Self-Consistency (SC) (Wang et al., 2023b) aggregates multiple outputs using majority voting. Moreover, several variants incorporate confidence signals. Soft Self-consistency (Soft-SC) (Wang et al., 2024) selects the minimum, mean, or product of confidence scores of items in each category. Confidence-Informed Self-Consistency (CI-SC) (Taubenfeld et al., 2025) computes a weighted majority vote based on confidence scores, which are calculated as either the length-normalized probability of the sequence or via prompting an LLM. Alternatively, some methods leverage the LLM itself for aggregation. Generative Self-Aggregation (GSA) (Li et al., 2025) asks the LLM to synthesize a new response based on the context of multiple samples. Universal Self-Consistency (USC) (Chen et al., 2023) utilizes the LLM to select the most consistent answer among multiple candidates. Furthermore, empirical evidence from Singhi et al. (2025) and Zhang et al. (2025) indicates that one can enhance the performance of reasoning-based generative verifiers via test-time compute, particularly through majority voting.