In more detail, the rule for simplifying a general program statement is to envelop the statement with an if-statement, whose condition is a relaxation variable. For example, consider lines 5 and 6 in the program on Listings 3. These lines are relaxed by CFAULTS using relaxation variables _rv1 and _rv2 respectively, appearing as lines 11 and 12 on Listings 4. Furthermore, when relaxing if-statements, the statements inside the then and else blocks adhere to the previously explained relaxation rule. However, the conditions of if-statements are relaxed using a ternary operator, as shown in line 14 of Listings 4. Note that if the relaxation variable is assigned true, then the original if condition is executed. Otherwise, a different relaxation variable (e.g., _ev4 in Listings 4) determines whether the program execution enters the then-block or the else-block (if one exists). These relaxation variables are local to each failing test scope and enable different tests to determine whether to enter the then or else-block. When handling expression lists, CFAULTS adopts a comparable strategy to that of generic program statements, enclosing each expression within a ternary operator instead of an if-statement. If the program component is deactivated, the expression is replaced by 1. For example, the initialization of variable i in line 11 of Listings 3 is relaxed into the ternary operation in line 17 of Listings 4. Lastly, all relaxation variables inside a loop are Boolean vectors to relax statements within the loop. Each entry of these vectors relaxes the loop's statements for a given iteration. The maximum number of iterations of the loops is defined by the CFAULTS user. CFAULTS follows a similar approach for inner loops, creating arrays of arrays. Thus, for simple program statements within a loop, CFAULTS encapsulates them with if-statements, with the relaxation variables indexed to the iteration number. Line 20 of Listings 4 illustrates a relaxed statement inside a loop. The loop's condition is relaxed by implication of the relaxation variable, as demonstrated in line 18 of Listings 4. Furthermore, each loop has its own offsets to index relaxation variables. These offsets are initialized just before the loop and incremented at the end of each iteration, as exemplified by line 19 in Listing 4.