Energy efficiency is a concern in many areas, such as mobile software design and software in data centers. Understanding and reducing the energy consumption of even simple software systems is challenging, and modern language run-time systems with dynamic optimizations increase this challenge. Consider statically typed JVM-based programming languages such as Java, Scala, or Kotlin, which use a platform-independent intermediate representation, Java bytecode, executed on a virtual machine. The software's energy consumption depends on the compiler with its optimizations, the Java Virtual Machine (JVM), the garbage collector, the operating system, and the target hardware. To understand the energy impact of software design decisions, a software engineer would need knowledge that penetrates these abstraction layers and the details of the intended execution platform(s). Prior work has explored approaches for workload-based energy profiling, where developers run software with a specific workload in a specialized execution environment that measures energy consumption and estimates how much of the consumption can be attributed to individual subroutines or even lines of code. However, in practice, workload-based energy profiling requires a custom hardware setup, which limits its suitability for everyday software engineering. While some hardware platforms expose hardware performance counters for energy use of specific components, such as the CPU, few are able to measure the platform's total energy consumption. The model constructs a Gaussian distribution for each quadruple that describes a source code statement, whilst also grouping each quadruple element to describe their individual effects on energy consumption, such as the energy consumption effect for operations, data types, data sizes, and devices. This model approach has several benefits, such as explaining energy effects of changing data types for a given algorithm. Moreover, the methodology explicitly targets the worst-case energy consumption (WCEC) of these single code statements and uses the convolution of individual prediction distributions to obtain a prediction for the energy consumption of functions and entire programs. Distributions represent the WCEC because a single point estimate does not explain the possible consumption values that the worst-case scenario can adopt due to random variations in the energy, such as those caused by temperature fluctuations or external interferences. It also retains its statistical properties, such as presenting the mean, skewness, and mode, and enabling calculation of the entropy, cumulative distribution, and probability density functions, which point estimates for WCEC do not retain. Using WCEC enables predictable estimation for the worst-case, ensuring that software systems can meet energy specifications, which are vital for battery and low-power devices, and are cost-saving for applications and software executing in data centers. With this information, program analysis or software verification tools can use our methodology as the foundation for their energy estimates.