To learn useful reasoning steps and optimize the plan, which requires extensive reasoning over the Story-Information and a long-form answer, Gurung and Lapata (2025) propose VR-CLI (Verifiable Rewards via Completion Likelihood Improvement), a proxy reward formulation. The VR-CLI objective aims to improve the likelihood of generating the true next chapter, conditioned on both the Story-Information and the plan. We extend the VR-CLI reward to include a contrastive term that negatively weights the likelihood of a randomly chosen other chapter from the same book. In our standard method, LiteReason, we periodically (once an epoch) run a small SFT training step using the trajectories generated during that epoch. This approach incurs some computational cost; however, it updates the reasoning-projector with the current model's reasoning. Moreover, we incorporate an implicit thought prompt that encourages the model's use of the implicit thought tags. In the variant LiteReason without SFT, this version retains the implicit prompt and the initialized Reasoning Projector, which uses the implicit thought tags to determine when to pass new reasoning embeddings to the model. However, this variant does not perform SFT during RL training to update the Reasoning Projector. Conversely, in LiteReason without the Reasoning Projector, we evaluate performance post-RL without the Reasoning Projector but with the implicit thought prompt. This method does not use latent reasoning and tests if the model performs differently when reasoning steps are skipped. Drawing from the recent latent reasoning literature, we select a representative set of previous methods to test the design assumptions outlined in Section 3. We evaluate these methods on both the Flawed Fictions and NCP tasks. In the domain of training-free latent reasoning, we compare against two recent methods: Mixture of Inputs (MoI) by Su et al. (2025), which blends the sampled token's embedding with those from the remaining token distribution, and Soft Thinking by Zhang et al. (2025), which also combines token embeddings but uses an entropy metric to choose when to end continuous thinking and switch to discrete sampling.