An overview of participants' characteristics can be found in Table B.3 in the Appendix. No significant differences in person characteristics were found across experimental groups. Participants were randomly assigned to one of three groups: (1) in the first group, participants were told that the music excerpts they were going to hear were composed by AI; (2) in the second group, participants were informed that the music excerpts were part of movie soundtracks; (3) in the third group, participants were instructed that they would hear music composed by both humans and AI and had to indicate the composer identity for each song. Therefore, participants assigned to groups 1 and 3 were presented with definitions of AI and AI music tools before the music rating. After receiving the group-specific instructions, participants were tasked with rating 18 music excerpts, which were randomly drawn to ensure a balanced representation across subgenres and AI tools. Before hearing the first song, participants were instructed to set the volume to a comfortable level and familiarize themselves with all the emotion terms. The order of terms varied randomly between participants but remained constant across songs for each individual. Moreover, participants were instructed to rate the emotions they actually experienced, rather than those they perceived the music to convey. Each music excerpt was presented twice. During the first presentation, participants were instructed to listen attentively without responding. Subsequently, the rating questions were displayed, and the music excerpt was repeated to minimize potential memory-related biases in participants' evaluations. After completing the music ratings, participants proceeded to the questionnaire part, where they provided information on their personality traits, music-related variables, and socio-demographic background. Finally, participants' attitudes toward AI were assessed. Upon completing the questionnaires, participants received a debrief screen, which included a description of the study and how the data would be used. Participants were invited to share any additional thoughts on AI-generated music as well as their overall experience of the study through an open-ended question. The survey concluded with the presentation of individual feedback to participants.