In Section 3, we explained how the questions map to four principal axes corresponding to the research questions. Since SPLE was unfamiliar to most interviewees, we described its concepts and significance during the interviews. This introduction may have introduced potential bias; however, we trust our interviewees to form their own judgments and the interviewer to minimize undue influence. The questions were intentionally crafted to be open-ended, encouraging extensive responses and capturing a wide range of concepts. They were carefully designed to avoid limiting the scope of potential answers. Moreover, metrics were developed to optimize information extraction and distill valuable data from the responses. These metrics quantify the frequency of key terms, both in aggregate and by specific roles. Consequently, tables provide comprehensive information, while graphs illustrate value distribution. Even unique responses, mentioned by a single individual, were considered and included in the analysis. We conducted a comprehensive analysis of all responses. Terms extracted from the interviews were systematically aggregated and aligned with the SPLE domain lexicon, including terms like "personalisation" and "making specific some parts of the code," analogous to "customization." This alignment facilitated result consistency. Furthermore, correlating these terms enabled us to identify scholarly arguments addressing participants' concerns. Engaging with various participants facilitated the refinement of the interview process, enhancing its fluidity. While the questions themselves remained unchanged, our proficiency in posing them improved over time. For instance, we began providing supplementary clarifications and elaborations when participants exhibited uncertainty and ensured more seamless transitions between questions. Despite these modifications, we maintain that the quantity and quality of information obtained from both the initial and final questionnaires remained consistent.