We planned the interviews to be conducted as follows. Our aim was for the interviews to feel fluid, more like a discussion than a rigid Q&A session. Initially, before posing the first question, we provided a brief reminder of the principles of SPLE and explained the purpose of the questionnaire. The first set of questions focused on the interviewee's role within the company, aiming to understand their profile. We then moved on to general questions about the company's development processes. Subsequently, the interview delved into more specific questions regarding the current methodologies used in developing new products. This section aimed to understand perceptions of current strengths, effective practices, and the overall state of the process. Discussing the current state of practice served as an ideal transition to introduce a new approach that could address existing challenges. The final part of the interview was dedicated to discussing the migration to this new approach. Participants were encouraged to express any fears, perceived risks, and potential benefits. The last two questions aimed at improving the interviews and concluding the session. All interviews were conducted by the same interviewer, the first author of this work, ensuring consistency. Each session lasted between 30 minutes and one hour, and participants appreciated the process, reporting that they felt included in the migration project. Each interview concluded with the question, "Was there a question you were expecting that I didn't ask?" This question encouraged interviewees to reflect on all topics discussed, share additional insights, and contribute to improving the fluidity of subsequent interviews. The questions remained unchanged to ensure consistency in data analysis. The intent was to enable participants to consider all aspects without altering the questions, while still enhancing the quality of the interviews. Notes were meticulously recorded throughout. Following recommendations, the interviewer ensured that questions were unbiased and did not lead the interviewees. A preliminary interview was conducted with our primary collaborator at the company, who is actively engaged in this project with us. This initial interview helped refine the questionnaire and improve the overall process. The data from this first interview were excluded from the analysis.