They are sensitive to small perturbations such as prompt wording and language, which makes them well-suited for studying multilingual performance through prompt optimization. We evaluate LLMs on three benchmarks spanning diverse domains: MMLU-Pro, a knowledge-driven and reasoning-focused benchmark covering 14 academic subjects; MATH500, a set of 500 challenging mathematics problems; and UniMoral, a suite of moral-judgment questions that demand nuanced social reasoning. All experiments were conducted in five languages: English, Chinese, Spanish, French, and Hindi. These languages were chosen to reflect a diverse set of language families, geographic regions, and resource availability. A key consideration when tackling multilingual tasks is the choice of system prompt language: whether to use English, typically the main training language for the model, or to align the prompt language with that of the task. We explore this question by comparing two settings. In the English-prompt setting, English prompts are applied to questions in various languages, while in the same-language setting, the system prompt is translated into the same language as the question. To better understand how different aspects of model behavior relate to each other, we investigate the relationships among four performance metrics in this section. Here, we examine the impact of different components in the system prompt on model behavior by conducting a regression analysis that links prompt components and language settings to multilingual performance metrics. We observed that system prompt components have diverse effects on model performance, as illustrated in Figure 4, which we broadly categorize into three groups. Firstly, some components show overall positive effects on model behavior. For example, Chain-of-Thought, emotion, and scenario are positively associated with both accuracy and consistency and decrease the accuracy variance across languages, indicating their effectiveness in steering the model towards stable high performance across languages. Through closer inspection of the model outputs, we observe that the model tends to elicit more structured and consistent reasoning under these components, which likely contributes to the observed performance gains.