From an evolutionary perspective, research has been conducted on emergent communication utilizing multi-agent systems. An important example is the Talking Heads framework, developed by Steels (2000, 2015), which provides a model of language evolution based on interactions that include references to non-linguistic contexts between agents. These agents develop an artificial language as a result of language games, such as the naming game, aimed at defining names for objects in their surroundings (Steels 2001; cf. Steels and Kaplan 2001, Steels and Loetzch 2012 for studies on word naming). Currently, their work also addresses the emergence and acquisition of syntactic phenomena (cf. Steels and Beuls 2017, Steels et al. 2018, van Trijp 2016). In contrast, the MODOMA project differs in that both agents in the Talking Heads framework engage in developing and learning language, whereas the MODOMA project focuses on a single agent acquiring a fragment of a natural language. Moreover, while the Talking Heads agents acquire an artificial language, the MODOMA framework is concerned with natural language acquisition. Alishahi has conducted research simulating language acquisition by applying algorithms to corpora that have been either human-constructed or artificially generated. For studies modeling the acquisition of lexical categories, word meaning, and early argument structure, see Alishahi and Chrupala (2009, 2012) and Alishahi and Stevenson (2008). Similarly, Matusevych et al. (2013) enhance artificially generated input corresponding to child-adult interactions, using them akin to data from the CHILDES database (MacWhinney 2014). However, unlike the MODOMA framework, the algorithm that executes language acquisition does not take part in the conversation. Beekhuizen et al. (2014) provide a different perspective by modeling the acquisition of grammatical constructions using a single agent that processes generated representations of utterances and meanings. Furthermore, Conner et al. (2008, 2009)'s Baby SRL project models the acquisition of semantic role labeling by inputting annotated data from the CHILDES corpus or constructed sentences into their algorithm.