At the conclusion of the study, participants were invited to share any additional thoughts on AI-generated music (see Supplements C for detailed phrasing). Participants' personality traits were assessed using a short version of the Big Five Inventory (BFI-10; Rammstedt and John, 2007), which is validated in both English and German. This assessment encompassed the five core dimensions of personality, including Openness. Basic socio-demographic characteristics were collected to better understand our sample and examine the extent to which they influence the study outcomes. Variables assessed included participants' age, gender, nationality, and educational attainment. Although the survey allowed for non-binary responses, all participants identified as male or female; therefore, gender was coded as a binary variable. Furthermore, language proficiency in the survey language was assessed to ensure participants could understand subtle differences in adjectives describing their emotional experiences. All statistical analyses were performed in Python (v3.9.20) using the pandas (v2.2.2) library for data handling, scipy (v1.12.0) for correlation and ANOVA testing, and statsmodels (v0.14.4) for mixed-effects models. Figures were created in R (v4.3.3) using the ggplot2 package (Wickham, 2016). Thematic analysis of open-ended responses concerning AI-generated music was conducted using MAXQDA (v24.10), following the methodology by Braun and Clarke (2006). Additional participant-level robustness analyses, which involved averaging ratings across all songs per participant, are reported in Appendix C. These analyses replicated the composer bias effect for liking but did not reveal significant group differences for emotional intensity. To assess whether the experimental condition influenced liking and emotional intensity ratings beyond individual differences and music stimuli, we fit linear mixed-effects models with crossed random intercepts for participants and songs while controlling for personality traits, listening characteristics, and the music model used. The results are presented in Table 1.