Contribution. We present promptolution, a modular, lightweight, and extensible open-source framework for automatic prompt optimization in Python, offering thoroughly tested and stable implementations. Our library supports multiple LLM interfaces, NLP tasks, and contemporary discrete prompt optimization methods, which can be used interchangeably or replaced with custom implementations. While promptolution aids practitioners in single-prompt optimization, its low abstraction level and systematic, reproducible experiment helpers also cater to researchers. Figure 1 illustrates the framework's operational overview. Outline. We situate our work within the landscape of automatic prompt optimization tools and libraries (§2), detail the design of our framework (§3), evaluate its performance against unoptimized prompts and other libraries to highlight its utility and competitiveness (§4), and propose future directions for the framework (§5). Prompt Optimization. Automatic prompt optimization involves systematically exploring prompt spaces using various automated strategies, optimizing both the instruction and few-shot example components (Cui et al., 2025; Li et al., 2025; Wan et al., 2024). This process is typically categorized into continuous (Li and Liang, 2021; Lester et al., 2021; Qin and Eisner, 2021) and discrete approaches (Guo et al., 2024; Yang et al., 2024; Zhou et al., 2023). For comprehensive overviews, see Li et al. (2025) and Cui et al. (2025). Promptolution focuses on LLM-agnostic and interpretable discrete prompt optimization, iteratively refining textual prompts directly, often using another "meta"-LLM<sup>1</sup> to generate improved candidates. The following optimizers are implemented in promptolution: 1. OPRO (Yang et al., 2024) utilizes LLMs as optimizers by providing a task description, examples, and previously scored candidates to the meta-LLM, which then proposes refined instructions. 2. EvoPrompt (Guo et al., 2024) optimizes instructions using evolutionary algorithms, specifically (a) a genetic algorithm (GA) and (b) differential evolution (DE). In both cases, the meta-LLM performs crossover and mutation. 3. CAPO (Zehle et al., 2025) is a recent GA-based alternative that leverages AutoML techniques to enhance cost-efficiency and jointly optimizes both instructions and few-shot examples, outperforming the discrete optimizers mentioned above.