The datasets used in this study included one with the complete set of foundational units, one without events, one without relationships, one without entities, and one without the story outline. We evaluated both qualitative and quantitative metrics. Specifically, the same test dataset, comprising 196 samples, was used to assess the fine-tuned models. Qualitative metrics were employed to score and assess various aspects of the generated stories, such as functionality and artistic quality. We used the stories from the preference dataset as a baseline for comparison, enabling a quantitative analysis of the similarity between the stories generated by different fine-tuned models. Therefore, similarity metrics were utilized to evaluate the impact of the four foundational units. In the quantitative evaluation, we primarily compared the similarity between the content generated by different fine-tuned models, using the same JSON input, and the original text. Each fine-tuned model generated three stories for each JSON. We used the original text as the benchmark and assessed similarity using three metrics: ROUGE-L, BERTScore, and METEOR Score. ROUGE-L measures the similarity between two sequences based on the length of their longest common subsequence (LCS). BERTScore captures semantic similarity, avoiding issues related to surface-level matching. METEOR Score combines various matching techniques, offering greater flexibility and robustness. As shown in Figure 7, the performance of different configurations relative to the preference dataset baseline is presented. The configuration incorporating all components demonstrated superior efficacy in content control, semantic consistency, and linguistic naturalness in story generation. To evaluate the usability of TaleFrame, we conducted a study involving two experts and seventeen volunteers. To minimize the inconvenience caused by a lack of inspiration during the creative process, we provided volunteers with a diverse selection of images. Volunteers were allowed to choose topics based on their preferences and engage with TaleFrame to generate stories. During the creative process, if volunteers were dissatisfied with the generated story, they could modify the attributes of the four foundational units to create a story that met their expectations. Overall, volunteers were required to engage with all of the interactive features provided by TaleFrame.