In this section, we illustrate the features of our interface using a use case scenario called "Picture Composition." Picture composition provides users with clear information, such as the number of entities, events, and types of relationships, offering an overview to guide the creation process. Figure 5.a illustrates a diagram for picture composition, while Figure 5.b demonstrates the story creation process of P4 using TaleFrame. P4 begins by dropping the event "Jack shoves Ryan," which represents the first grid in the diagram, onto the canvas (Figure 6.f). Next, P4 attaches the two entities involved in this event to the designated box (Figure 6.g). Then, P4 connects the two entities (Figure 6.h1), clicks on the connection line, and edits the relationship attributes (Figure 6.e), such as emotion_type (e.g., intense), action_type (e.g., shove), relationship_strength (e.g., low), and relationship_evolution (e.g., becoming stronger). The "action_direction" attribute of the relationship is represented by the "connect node," which defaults to the start point and end point (e.g., "from Jack to Ryan"). However, for the event "confront each other" in the second grid, where the action "confront" is mutual, a switch labeled "is bidirectional" is provided. When activated, this switch automatically sets the action_direction to "bidirectional." By repeating this process, P4 completes the remaining three grids, linking the four event boxes to finalize the entire story framework (Figure 6.h2). Finally, P4 clicks the "Modify Story" button to edit the title and description and assigns the four events to their respective stages within the story. The story is then evaluated across seven dimensions based on the established criteria (Figure 6.1), and a comprehensive suggestion is generated based on the feedback (Figure 6.m). In response to the suggestion, P4 revises components with lower scores, such as adding relationships to specific events. Subsequently, P4 clicks the "Regenerate" button to produce a new version. Finally, P4 clicks the "Export" button to obtain the completed story, the framework diagram, and the JSON file.