The MODOMA framework consists of two main components: the mother agent and the daughter agent. Delilah, the Leiden generator and parser of Dutch, functions as the mother agent. Unlike systems that rely on a corpus, Delilah's grammatical knowledge is based on predefined graph structures composed of attribute-value matrices. These graphs correspond to words and grammatical constructions, explicitly specified for various grammatical properties such as phonological form, concepts, logical meaning representation, grammatical number, grammatical person, and syntactic category. For instance, Delilah's lexical and grammatical knowledge of the word "de" (translated as "the" in English) is illustrated in Figure 1. These graphs are meticulously derived from linguistic analyses of the Dutch lexicon and grammar, ensuring Delilah's grammar is closely tied to linguistic insights into Dutch. Therefore, Delilah offers a complementary perspective, particularly when contrasted with the data-driven approach of large language models. While Delilah's lexicon contains a large but finite list of words and constructions, these templates can be combined to form more complex utterances, such as noun phrases and sentences. For example, the template for the article "de" can be used by Delilah to form noun phrases, as demonstrated in "de vrouw" ("the woman"). These templates are combined through the process of unification, a mathematical procedure that verifies whether the templates contain conflicting features. If no conflicting values are found, it creates a template specified for all information contained in the original templates. As shown in Figure 1, the complement position associated with the article "de" is constrained to only contain noun phrases. Given the highly detailed nature of Delilah's representations, it lies beyond the scope of this paper to provide a full account of all features involved. However, Cremers et al. provide an elaborate account of unification in the context of Delilah. In applying unification to graph structures to produce and parse utterances, Delilah resembles head-driven phrase structure grammar (HPSG), where the terms 'grammar' and 'lexicon' are used synonymously due to the lack of a formal distinction between concrete words and abstract grammatical rules. Moreover, this language model executes a combinatory list grammar, related to combinatory categorial grammar (CCG). The characteristics of this language model are extensively discussed by Cremers et al. For the purposes of the MODOMA, Delilah, the mother agent, has been taken as is.