Implementation. For both solvers and verifiers, we used a generation configuration with a temperature of 0.7, top-p of 0.9, and a maximum output length of 8192 tokens. Outputs that did not include a boxed answer were discarded. All inference experiments were conducted using vLLM on H200 GPUs. Further details on prompt configurations and output filtering can be found in Appendix F. Solver performance. We evaluated the performance of all 37 models across 9 datasets, averaging results across tasks (Figure 1) and providing task-specific results in Appendix G. Overall, solver accuracy improved with increasing model capacity. Notably, models in the Qwen3 and DeepSeek families outperformed others, while Llama3-Base underperformed due to its lack of familiarity with the question-answering instruction format. Within each family, we observed clear performance scaling for Qwen2.5-Base and DeepSeek as model capacity increased, with similar trends observed in other families. Correlating verifier and solver performance. Building on the solver results, we examined the relationship between solver performance and verifier performance (Figure 2). For each of the 21 post-trained models and each dataset, we assessed verification on the same solver models, measuring verifier accuracy, F1-score, precision, FPR, FNR, and gain for each solver-verifier pairing. For each verifier, metrics were categorized into three verification settings, with averages computed across solvers and datasets within each setting. Verifier accuracy generally improved as the verifier's own solver accuracy increased. However, other metrics revealed more complex patterns. For example, the FPR rose during self-verification and intra-family verification but decreased slightly during cross-family verification. This suggests that verifiers with stronger solver capabilities are more likely to misclassify their own outputs or outputs from models within their family as correct. Additional visualizations for F1-score and precision are provided in Appendix H.