When the target is far away, the character transitions to a fast running behavior to close the distance. These nuanced behaviors emerge purely from the stationary score-matching motion prior combined with a simple target-approach task objective. Notably, no motion planner is required to explicitly determine the character's movement strategy. SMP equips the policy with the flexibility to adapt behaviors from the dataset to create novel skills for diverse tasks. For instance, in the challenging Dodgeball task, agents trained with the locomotion prior spontaneously develop agile jumping and dodging skills, as illustrated in Figure 5(c). Although these behaviors were absent in the original dataset, they closely mimic real human strategies in dodgeball. In contrast, AMP struggles with this task, likely due to the instability of the adversarial objective when the required dodging skills deviate significantly from the locomotion motions in the reference dataset. Furthermore, policies trained using AMP with a frozen discriminator fail to produce natural behaviors or achieve strong task performance across all tasks, highlighting the limitations of adversarial priors in being effectively reused, even for identical tasks. By comparison, SMP enables a single pretrained motion prior to be reused across different policies and tasks. Moreover, as shown by the task return curves in Figure 7, a fixed score-matching motion prior offers higher sample efficiency, consistently providing stable and informative guidance throughout reinforcement learning. The ability to recover from arbitrary fallen states is a critical skill for both humans and humanoid agents. However, this task poses significant challenges, as many existing methods rely on auxiliary rewards to suppress overly dynamic or erratic motions. While approaches like AMP, which adaptively update the motion prior during training, can effectively learn natural get-up behaviors, our method demonstrates that even with a stationary motion prior, SMP can successfully train a robust get-up policy capable of recovering from random fallen states. As shown in Figure 5(e), the character, despite being knocked far away, is able to roll over, push itself up with its hands, and ultimately return to an upright stance. Additional qualitative results are available in the supplementary video.