Evaluation Metrics. To thoroughly evaluate the effectiveness of the Radiologist Copilot, we conducted both agent-level and task-level evaluations. For the task-level evaluation of radiology reporting, we adopted natural language generation (NLG) and clinical efficacy (CE) metrics. The NLG metrics included BLEU-1, ROUGE-L, METEOR, and BERTScore. Meanwhile, the CE metrics measured clinical accuracy, including F1-RadGraph and GREEN. For the agent-level evaluation of agentic tools, we utilized the LLM-as-a-Judge methodology, adopting OpenAI GPT-5.1 as the LLM judge. This evaluation assessed the entire process by which the agent handles tasks, considering four dimensions: Analysis Process, Tool Selection, Action Planning, and Action Execution, with scores ranging from 1 to 5 (Poor, Fair, Moderate, Good, Excellent). The Analysis Process evaluated whether the query analysis was thorough, logical, and complete. Tool Selection assessed whether the agent selected tools accurately and appropriately. Action Planning evaluated the reasonableness of the planned actions, and Action Execution assessed whether the agent successfully executed the planned actions. To comprehensively evaluate the effectiveness of the Radiologist Copilot, we performed both agent-level evaluations of the agentic tools and task-level evaluations of radiology reporting, along with ablation studies on its core components. Agent-level Evaluation. To validate the overall process by which the agent deals with tasks, the results indicated that the majority of scores were 5 (Excellent), with most of the remaining scores being 4 (Good). These results demonstrated that the Analysis Process of the agent was thorough, logical, and complete; the Tool Selection was accurate and appropriate; the Action Planning was reasonable; and the Action Execution proceeded successfully. Furthermore, the examination of the Radiologist Copilot's management of user inquiries revealed that the processes of action planning and execution were coherent and efficient, ultimately generating a qualified radiology report. The entire process simulated the practices of radiologists and enhanced clinical efficiency.