To ensure data quality, the survey included an attention check similar to the one used by Shank et al. (2023) ("Who was the composer of the music you just heard?") before the music rating. Additionally, participants were asked to self-report the honesty and care of their responses using a 5-point scale, followed by a question about their listening setup, specifying whether they used headphones or speakers. Participants were informed that their responses would not affect feedback or compensation. An overview of the study design is presented in Figure 1. All participants were asked to indicate their familiarity with the music excerpt and their level of enjoyment on a scale from 1 (not at all) to 5 (very). If participants selected a value of 4 or higher for familiarity, they were shown an additional yes-or-no question inquiring if they associated a particular experience or person with that music excerpt. Moreover, participants in the "AI or human" condition were required to indicate whether they believed the music excerpt was generated by an AI or a human, including their confidence level on a 6-point scale ranging from 1 (definitely AI) to 6 (definitely human). Emotional responses to the music excerpts were assessed using the Geneva Emotion Music Scale (GEMS; Zentner et al., 2008) for all three conditions. The GEMS comprises a total of nine music-specific emotion dimensions that can be summarized in three overarching factors: (1) Sublimity (Wonder, Transcendence, Tenderness, Peacefulness, and Nostalgia), (2) Vitality (Joyful Activation and Power), and (3) Unease (Sadness and Tension). Here, we used the checklist version GEMS-9, which represents the nine GEMS dimensions with one item (i.e., the label of the respective dimension) and 2-3 exploratory terms each. Emotion ratings were provided for each dimension on visual analog scales ranging from 0 to 100, with all initial values being 0. If no answer was chosen, the answer was hence coded as 0. Furthermore, an open text box allowed for adding up to three additional emotion terms not included in the GEMS, along with the respective intensity ratings.