File editing tools, such as create, str_replace, and insert, can be used to create or modify a test file for the purpose of reproducing an issue (Localization), an application file for fixing a bug (Patching), or a test file for validating a generated patch (Validation). In debugging, testing serves for bug localization or validating the generated patch. Agents use Python for executing newly generated reproduction or regression tests, while pytest is used for executing existing regression tests. Depending on the context, the same tool or command may be used for different purposes and assigned to different phases. In the GRAPHECTORY of the SWE-agent Dev, there is a self-referential loop at edge 9 and a back edge at 10, both indicating potential inefficiencies in agent reasoning or tool usage. These inefficiencies may result in repeating failed edits or necessitate refining the localization plan, as highlighted in the first pitfall of §1. GRAPHECTORY enables the computation of process-centric metrics for analyzing agentic systems. Table 1 lists six metrics supported by the current implementation of GRAPHECTORY, along with their formal definitions capturing how they can be computed from a given GRAPHECTORY. These metrics capture the extent of effort an agent performs to resolve a task. Alone, their values cannot reveal whether the effort is useful or useless, but they can assess how the effort aligns with the difficulty of the problems agents are trying to solve or whether agents succeed in solving them. We explain each metric and its importance below: Temporal Edge Count (TEC) measures the total number of temporal transitions between actions. A higher TEC reflects a longer execution path to termination. Figure 2 shows a longer execution chain for SWE-agent Dev (14) compared to SWE-agent DSK-V3 (8). Similar to NC, the values of TEC are positively correlated with problem difficulty, aligning the overall GRAPHENCY complexity with problem difficulty. Loop Count (LC) measures the number of times the agent decides to repeat a previously executed action. As demonstrated later (§3.2), a larger LC can indicate a non-optimized strategy, resulting in the agent being stuck by unsuccessful actions, such as the self-loop of edge 9 in Figure 2-a, or needing to refine previous reasoning and planning after a series of actions that cannot solve the problem, as shown by back edge 10 in Figure 2-a (§3.3.2). Alternatively, the agent may need to re-execute an action or series of actions to solve a complex problem gradually. LC is similar to Cyclomatic Complexity [35] for classic software, which measures the degree of branching and the number of unique execution paths. In the context of GRAPHENCY, branching indicates that local reasoning redirects execution flow to a different path. Average Loop Length (ALL) measures the average number of actions involved before an agent decides to repeat a previously executed action. Intuitively, the longer it takes for an agent to realize its reasoning and corresponding actions are ineffective in solving the problem, the weaker its reasoning or ability to gather proper contexts for reasoning is. As our results show, agents that invest in collecting a richer context during localization are less likely to have long loops, meaning they can quickly determine reasoning inefficiency and change their strategies accordingly (§3.2.1 and §3.3.2).