An initial experiment conducted within the MODOMA laboratory simulation environment was based on a specific correlation. This experiment provides a method to evaluate the efficacy of the MODOMA approach to language acquisition, utilizing the well-established principle of Zipf's law. Thus, this study contributes to research development by gradually evolving the MODOMA framework through the implementation of increasingly sophisticated experiments. As a result, experience with MODOMA as a laboratory model for language acquisition can be increased, allowing the system to be tested and refined before implementing additional language acquisition techniques. Although Chaabouni et al. (2019) and Rita et al. (2020) focus on language emergence, there are similarities in their application of Zipf's law to enhance understanding of language models in comparison to human-generated languages. Crucially, this procedure incorporates most of the components and methodologies necessary for conducting more complex acquisition experiments. Accordingly, the individual components of the MODOMA system, as well as their interactions, can be systematically evaluated and improved to facilitate the execution of advanced computational language acquisition experiments. If the acquisition succeeds, the daughter agent learns to distinguish between functional and content categories based on examples of the target language provided by the mother agent during their interaction. In this respect, it is significant that, once the daughter agent has acquired this grammatical distinction, the new grammatical knowledge is immediately used to update its grammar. This updated grammar is then employed to generate novel utterances during interactions with the mother agent and to parse new sentences from the mother. Consequently, this study provides an important indication of whether the MODOMA laboratory approach to language acquisition can result in the acquisition of significant grammatical knowledge that can be used productively during parsing and generation tasks.