Other approaches include CoT2, which is designed to produce token mixtures similar to training-free methods and is applied to GPT-2 for logical reasoning tasks; CODI, which employs a teacher-student distillation framework to enhance the performance of GPT-2 and Llama 3.1 1B models on GSM8k tasks; and Token Assorted, which develops novel token embeddings via VQ-VAE and trains Llama 3.1 8B for mathematical and logical reasoning tasks. Our LiteReason approach differs from these methods in several key ways. First, we do not rely on large datasets of reasoning traces, such as GSM8k-Aug, as such datasets are unavailable for our specific tasks. Instead, we exclusively use traces generated by the model itself. Second, we train only a lightweight Reasoning Projector for latent reasoning rather than the entire model, based on the hypothesis that over-training the base model for token-embedding generation could destabilize its token-generation capabilities. Third, we enable the model to interleave latent and discrete reasoning during reinforcement learning (RL) training, hypothesizing that this will allow the model to progressively establish an optimal balance. Furthermore, while many existing approaches benchmark their results against Chain-of-Thought prompting and occasionally incorporate RL, none, to our knowledge, compare their performance against non-latent RL-trained models. We argue that such a baseline provides a more realistic and robust metric for evaluating performance on complex tasks. Consequently, we include this comparison in our evaluations to better delineate both peak performance and computational constraints. In the domain of narrative tasks, while much reasoning research has focused on areas such as mathematics and coding, there is also a substantial body of work exploring the use of large language models (LLMs) for narrative comprehension and generation. Numerous studies have emphasized specific aspects of story generation, such as planning plot events or developing character details, which can be interpreted as distinct reasoning styles. However, these tasks pose significant challenges for RL methodologies due to the absence of explicit reward structures. In this study, we focus on two tasks specifically designed to evaluate reasoning capabilities within narrative contexts.