While GRAPHECTORY is applicable to any agentic system, our study focuses on agentic programming systems, specifically SWE-agent and OpenHands, due to their rich and diverse trajectories. These systems involve cycles of planning, bug localization, code modification, and patch validation, all of which can be programmatically assessed. For our experiments, we employed four LLMs as the backbone—DeepSeek-V3, DeepSeek-R1, Devstral-small-2505, and Claude Sonnet 4—to tackle real-world GitHub issues across 12 repositories from the SWE-Bench Verified benchmark. Our comprehensive analysis reveals several key insights: First, unsuccessful runs are characterized by longer durations and inefficiencies. Across agents and backbone models, the GRAPHECTORY of unresolved issues is consistently larger than that of resolved ones, with more back edges indicating repetitions and inefficient patterns. Moreover, trajectory complexity increases with task difficulty. As problems become more challenging for human developers, agents also explore deeper and wider, with more frequent strategy shifts to sustain progress. Furthermore, although agents primarily adhere to the global plan outlined in the system prompt, they adapt their strategies at intermediate turns, often requiring additional searching and gradual debugging for more complex problems. Despite achieving successful outcomes, there remains a significant imbalance between efficiency and success, highlighting the importance of process-centric evaluation to address this inefficiency. We formally define GRAPHECTORY below and use these notions to establish process-centric evaluation metrics and analysis. To illustrate these definitions and concepts, we use GRAPHECTORY examples derived from programming agents' trajectories. While GRAPHECTORY provides a rich representation of an agentic software system's in-depth semantic analysis, graphs alone can be overly detailed and challenging to compare across agents, backbone LLMs, or problems. Therefore, to complement the structural view, we define LANGUTORY, a compact, human-readable abstraction of the GRAPHECTORY that represents the language of trajectories.