This paper encodes the fault localisation problem as a Model-Based Diagnosis with multiple observations using a single optimisation problem. We simultaneously integrate all failing test cases (observations) into a single MaxSAT formula, which allows us to generate only minimal diagnoses capable of identifying all faulty components within the system, such as a C program or a Boolean circuit. Algorithm 5 presents our approach. We assume that the system remains unchanged across different observations, where the components are replicated for each observation, but the healthy variables are shared. This assumption is necessary because we analyse all observations jointly, which can affect the component's behaviour. This section introduces CFAULTS, a model-based diagnosis (MBD) tool for fault localisation in C programs and Boolean circuits with multiple failing test cases. Unlike previous works, CFAULTS employs the approach proposed in Section 4.2, wherein C programs are relaxed at the code level, thereby enabling users to leverage other bounded model checkers effectively. Figure 1 provides an overview of CFAULTS, consisting of five steps: system unrolling, system instrumentalisation, bounded model checking (CBMC), encoding to MaxSAT, and an Oracle (MaxSAT solver). Before unrolling the given C program, CFAULTS first runs the static analysers CPPCHECK and CLANG-TIDY to detect issues, such as uninitialised variables and potential runtime errors (e.g., division by zero). If any issues are detected, CFAULTS immediately reports them to the user; otherwise, it proceeds to unroll the buggy program. We integrated these static analysers after our user study demonstrated their practical value in helping to pinpoint problems in students' programming assignments. Input operations, such as scanf, are translated into read accesses to arrays corresponding to the inputs, while output operations, such as printf, are replaced by write operations into arrays representing the program's output. Every exit point of the program, such as a return statement in the main function, is replaced with a goto statement directing the program flow to the next failing test's scope. Furthermore, to avoid the C compiler's default zero-initialisation, all uninitialized global variables in the program are explicitly initialized to nondeterministic values.