In recent years, researchers and practitioners have increasingly focused on multi-domain CTR prediction and achieved notable progress. However, though users’ behaviors are sequential, little work has been done on multi-domain sequential recommendation (MDSR). In particular, although most MDSR methods simply time-order interactions across domains to predict next items per domain, they overlook domain-specific sequences and thus fail to exploit shared and distinct patterns across domains. Meanwhile, though termed cross-domain, cross-domain sequential recommendation (CDSR) models are usually built to improve one target domain rather than all domains. Furthermore, though a CDSR model can be converted to an MDSR model, directly or indirectly, such conversion incurs high time cost. Moreover, though cross-domain data imbalance is pervasive, these methods also often overlook it, which can cause negative transfer. To this end, we propose a novel MDSR method, termed multi-sequence multi-task learning (MML). Specifically, it consists of three modules, including hybrid-domain sequential preference learning (HSPL), intra-domain sequential preference learning (ISPL) and multi-task learning & prediction (MLP). In particular, HSPL learns preferences from mixed-domain sequences; in addition, we construct augmented sequences and employ contrastive learning to obtain less biased hybrid-domain preferences and mitigate negative transfer. Meanwhile, the intra-domain sequential preference learning (ISPL) module learns preferences within each domain. Finally, in MLP, we employ three specific tasks and a behavior regularizer to ensure that each component learns its own preferences effectively and to enhance knowledge transfer across domains. Empirically, our experiments span public datasets and different backbone models, showing that MML performs significantly better than state-of-the-art methods in two or more domains in most cases, and that it has the same time complexity as MDSR models that only use hybrid interaction sequences. The source code is available at the GitHub repository MML (https://github.com/plw2019/MML).