After fine-tuning the LLM using the KTO algorithm, the model is employed as a domain-specific data annotator to label online recalled and exposed items. To further enhance the performance of the online BERT-based model, hard samples that are inaccurately predicted are incorporated into the training set. Moreover, by leveraging the domain rule-aware LLM developed within the RD module, we efficiently identify these challenging examples where the online model exhibits prediction errors. However, this targeted approach addresses only isolated errors and does not systematically resolve broader categories of issues. For instance, subtle changes in user search terms or product descriptions can still lead to mispredictions by the online model. In light of this limitation, we have developed an error-type-aware LLM generative model designed to automatically synthesize data instances that the online model frequently mispredicts. This approach significantly enhances the model's generalization capability and predictive accuracy. Specifically, for each query-product pair, the generative model modifies the attributes of the original query or product based on specific instruction prompts, thereby generating new examples that are explicitly categorized as either relevant or irrelevant. At this stage, the training samples are generated using the GPT-4o model through a few-shot prompting mechanism. To ensure that the generative model comprehensively captures the online model's error patterns, we iteratively select instances where the online model has made incorrect predictions and use these as fine-tuning samples for the LLM. Following the development of this error-type-aware LLM-based generative model, we directly sample data from online retrieval and exposed instances and use the model to generate challenging examples that are likely to confuse the online model. Finally, to minimize the impact of noisy data during training, we employ the relevance discrimination model from the RD module to systematically filter the generated results.