The onset of hallucinations typically follows discernible patterns. Once the detection system identifies such occurrences, it promptly reports the affected segment to a finely-tuned model, initiating a feedback mechanism. In this mechanism, the model learns from its errors, including the specific types of errors, to generate accurate outputs for future predictions. Specifically, the model's output is compared with that of the detection mechanism to ensure consistency. If discrepancies arise, the original input, along with the erroneous and corrected outputs, are collected and fed back to the model for further refinement. Subsequently, the model utilizes the same input to produce an updated output. The Lang2Logic framework systematically dissects paragraphs into individual sentences, translating each into a logical expression that is then converted into conjunctive normal form (CNF). Moreover, the final CNF expression is simplified for ease of downstream application. Figure 1 illustrates the process, showing the input paragraph at the top. Upon analysis by Lang2Logic, the paragraph is transformed into four clauses containing four variables in CNF form. Thereafter, Lang2Logic simplifies this CNF form, with the final output displayed at the bottom of the figure. The Lang2Logic algorithm is structured as follows: it takes natural language text as input and outputs a simplified CNF logical expression. The initialization process involves setting up the grammar framework, transformer model, and natural language processing environment. The Lark grammar is defined for function-call syntax, while the LogicTransformer is implemented to convert tokens into Sympy symbols and logical function calls, such as And, Or, and Not. As demonstrated by LangToLogic using the sequences model, the process continues iteratively for all lines in the model response, ultimately returning the simplified CNF expression generated by the identification mechanism. Initially, the model misinterpreted "implies" as a logical operator rather than its lexical meaning, leading to its excessive use; however, the identification mechanism corrected this. For example, when provided with the input "Dragon fruit grows in the forest. Peanuts grow on the ground; when people transplant peanuts to the forest, they will not survive, implying that the forest is unsuitable for peanuts," the model outputs the following: Sentence #1: "Dragon fruit grows in the forest," resulting in Parsing Expression: P and CNF Expression: P. Sentence #2: "Peanuts grow on the ground; when people transplant peanuts to the forest, they will not survive, implying that the forest is unsuitable for peanuts," is translated into CNF Expression: (R | T | ~Q) & (T | ~Q | ~S). The final CNF Expression, after simplification, is: P & (R | T | ~Q) & (T | ~Q | ~S).