Our primary goal is to maximize code reuse and enhance the speed of new application delivery. Consequently, the objective is to transition our code base to a Software Product Line (SPL) at a higher architectural level, such as Level 4 or 5, to achieve these aims. To facilitate a smooth transition, we initiated discussions with organizational personnel to gather insights on SPL engineering. These discussions have been structured to address specific research questions, which will be explored in the subsequent section. Furthermore, at the project's conclusion, we plan to conduct another round of discussions to refine the migration plan. The next steps in the migration process will involve variability analysis, starting with identifying feature locations to develop feature models. While each feature maintains unique attributes, the interactions and dependencies among them will be collectively analyzed to achieve a comprehensive understanding of the system. The interviews were conducted to gauge perceptions of current practices, including benefits, risks, and concerns, before transitioning to an SPL. Research Question 1 (RQ1) investigates the perception of company stakeholders regarding the current good practices in development. This inquiry aims to highlight stakeholder views on existing development practices. Research Question 2 (RQ2) examines stakeholders' perceptions concerning the benefits of the future SPL, focusing on the added value it brings from an application development perspective. After discussing the benefits, Research Question 3 (RQ3) shifts to analyze the perceived risks associated with the new SPL in daily operations. Lastly, Research Question 4 (RQ4) addresses the specific fears linked to these identified risks, allowing for an assessment of the concerns experienced by the company's personnel regarding the implications of the migration initiative. Such fears pertain to potential complications, obstacles that may arise, and the critical importance of effectively strategizing and addressing these risks.