The identification of software defects through formula-based fault localisation (FBFL) methods often results in a large number of redundant diagnoses, as seen with SNIPER, or fails to provide a minimal set sufficient for program repair, as evidenced by BugAssIST. Recently, Graussam [65] introduced a model-based software fault localisation approach for ANSI C, employing a well-defined fault model that encompasses complex language features, including pointers and arrays. Importantly, this method relies on CBMC encodings, thus performing the relaxation step at the CBMC level rather than at the code level, contrasting with our approach. Additionally, Graussam’s method addresses multiple failing observations by formulating standard Model-Based Diagnosis (MBD) instances and solving them using Hierarchical Set Decomposition (HSD) [2], ensuring minimal diagnoses for each failed test case. However, Graussam [65] incorporates an aggregation procedure following diagnosis enumeration, which may compromise the minimality of the final diagnoses. It should be noted that this tool was not included in our evaluation for two principal reasons: firstly, it requires manual annotations for functions to be analyzed, which is impractical given our scale of over 1500 programs; secondly, its current support is restricted to integers and floats in C, thus rendering it unsuitable for the C-PACK-IPAs benchmark. In various domains, including Boolean circuits [4, 5, 8, 9, 10, 2, 64], C software [7, 11, 12, 66], knowledge bases [13, 14, 15], and spreadsheets [16, 17], Model-Based Diagnosis has been successfully applied to restore consistency. Moreover, program slicing [67, 57, 68] has emerged as a complementary technique for fault localisation within programs. A syntactic fault localisation approach [57] utilizes program slicing to enumerate all minimal sets of repairs for a faulty program. Additionally, another method to identify the causes of faulty behavior involves analyzing the differences between successive software versions [68]. This paper introduces a novel formula-based fault localisation technique for C programs and Boolean circuits, capable of managing any number of faults. By leveraging Model-Based Diagnosis (MBD) with multiple observations, CFAULTS integrates all failing test cases into a single MaxSAT formula, thereby ensuring consistency throughout the localisation process and avoiding redundant diagnoses.