The energy transition through increased electrification has put the world's attention on critical mineral exploration. Despite the promise of a growing the demand, the global exploration industry is money-losing enterprise. Even with increased investments a decrease in new discoveries has taken place over the last two decades. In the paper, I propose a solution to this problem where AI is implemented as the enabler of a rigorous scientific method for mineral exploration that aims to reduce cognitive bias & false positives, enhances the role of domain experts and drive down the cost of exploration. The current organization of exploration activities involving many fields of science (geology, geochemistry, geophysics) is no longer an effective in discovering deposits under cover. In particular, the current approach fails to adequately quantify uncertainty, leading to suboptimal decision-making and $ spent on drilling that are often false positives. Instead, I propose a new scientific method that is based on a philosophical approach founded on the principles of Bayesianism and falsification. In this approach, data acquisition is in the first place seen as a means to falsify human-generated hypothesis. Decision of what data to acquire next is quantified with verifiable metrics and based on rational decision making. A practical protocol is provided that can be used as a template in any exploration campaign. However, in order to make this protocol practical, various form of artificial intelligence are needed. I will argue that the most important form are 1) novel unsupervised learning methods that collaborate with domain experts to better understand data and generate multiple competing geological hypotheses and 2) human-in-the-loop AI algorithms that can optimally plan various geological, geophysical, geochemical and drilling data acquisition where uncertainty reduction of geological hypothesis precedes the uncertainty reduction on grade and tonnage. The approach will be illustrated in several ongoing exploration and resource assessment cases.