format using prompt chaining and combined with the TIDDEC. During the parsing process, elements such as events, entities and settings of the stories are extracted and structured into JSON format. Based on this structured data, GPT-4 will generate new stories that retain core themes and structure while allowing for innovation. We pursued a set of evaluation criteria specifically tailored to assess the quality of stories, encompassing a comprehensive analysis across seven critical dimensions: Functionality, Technicality, Innovativeness, Readability, Thoughtfulness, Emotional authenticity, and Clarity of perspective. Based on this criteria, third-party LLMs (such as GPT-4o) will evaluate both the original and revised versions of the stories, assigning them "Chosen" or "Rejected" labels. Furthermore, the structured information of the stories will be recorded in JSON format and, together with the labeled stories, will form the preference dataset. The emotional distributions and other features in the preference dataset, are illustrated in Figure 4. The dataset was initially divided into a training set and a test set at a ratio of 9:1. The training set contains 8,866 preference pairs utilized for model fine-tuning, while the test set contains 985 preference pairs that remain unseen by the model. Subsequently, we fine-tuned Llama-3-8B model with the AdamW optimizer. We used a LoRA-based fine-tuning method with a set learning rate of 5e-6, a batch size of 10, and a training epoch of 10, resulting in an evaluation loss of 0.038 on the test set. The selection of these parameters was informed by model documentation recommendations, trial-and-error, and the computational resources available. Furthermore, we conducted an ablation study methodology to assess the importance of different compositional units in story generation tasks. A baseline model was constructed based on the Llama-3-8B, integrating all the involved units to produce coherent and controlled stories. In the ablation study, different categories of units were sequentially removed, such as the "event" unit, and the model was retrained and finetuned to adapt to the modified data structure. All models were trained under consistent conditions, including fixed initialization parameters, learning rate, batch size, and training epochs, to ensure the fairness and comparability of the experiments. The performance of each ablated model was evaluated on an independent test set. Additionally, the quality of the stories was quantitatively scored from seven dimensions using same evaluation criteria based on GPT-4o. The results of these evaluations will be detailed in Section 6.