Overall, the strongest models (GPT-5 Mini, Claude 3.7 Sonnet, GPT-4o) reach low error rates, comparable to—or better than—human performance (left panel, Fig. 8). With the exception of Gemini 2.5 Flash Lite, there is a general trend in the left panel of Figure 8 that more accurate models also show stronger evidence of Bayesian behaviour. Note that the relationship between accuracy and behaviour is empirical and is not by necessity. For example, a perfect predictor that maps all stimulus to accurate estimates is indistinguishable from a linear model and can show no probabilistic tendencies. Under steering ablation, when a numerical range for prior observations is provided in the context prompt, we find that LLMs behavior is strongly affected. As shown in the top right panel of Figure 6, evidence for sequential behavior decreases strongly and in particular, when a deliberately biased numerical range is given, as shown in the left panel of Figure 6, error increases (the triangle icons are generally at larger NRMSE than the circles). This is consistent with the fact that LLMs gravitate their predictions towards prior information provided in-context. From the middle panel of Figure 8, we see that not all models with good NRMSE performance also exhibit efficient cue combination. GPT-5 Mini, despite its strong NRMSE performance, shows poor cue combination efficiency. This is especially pronounced in the maze distance estimation task, where GPT-5 Mini's performance in the text modality is essentially perfect and much better than its image modality performance. This implies that a Bayes-optimal combination must significantly further downweight its image input. However, it appears unable to downweight its image input to the optimal extent (see Appendix A.12 for further details). On the other hand, in the line length ratio task (see bottom right panel of Figure 6), many LLMs are able to downweigh the image modality in the presence of noise, indicating Bayes-consistent adaptation.