Psychometric scales and questionnaires are crucial tools of quantitative research in several fields such as psychology, medicine and health sciences, social sciences, education and human-computer interaction studies. After a novel construct or theoretical framework is proposed and becomes the subject of empirical research, the development of corresponding psychometric tools is usually a necessity. However, this process is resource-intensive and requires careful planning, time, materials, and substantial funding (Stefana et al., 2025). In this article, we will explore the possibility of reducing the resource demand of the scale development process by in silico prototyping psychometric scales using simulated psychometric data of representative samples generated via Large Language Models (LLMs). In the following sections, we will first describe the rationale and the hypotheses behind this research, followed by a description of four studies devised to empirically test the feasibility of this method. Finally, we will discuss our results and give recommendations for future research. representative sample of participants is costly and time-consuming, pushing researchers to often rely on convenience samples of volunteering university students, which greatly limits the external validity of the resulting scale (Hanel & Vione, 2016; Wild et al., 2022). Recently, psychometric validation studies have come to rely on participant recruitment via online platforms, such as Prolific.co and Amazon MTurk (Buhrmester et al., 2018; Douglas et al., 2023; Huang et al., 2015). Cogent to the availability of funds to pay participants, these platforms have greatly reduced time expenses and may have even improved external validity by allowing the recruitment of representative samples for certain nationalities (e.g. Prolific allows to recruit representative samples from the UK and US). However, online studies performed by recruiting participants from these platforms have raised concerns for their ethical implications, as participants may come from disadvantaged backgrounds (Huang et al., 2015; Huff & Tingley, 2015; Moss et al., 2023). Also, when an exploratory study examines a construct for which no validated scale exists (often due to the novelty of the construct itself), or it is unfeasible to conduct a validation study, often researchers rely on ad hoc questionnaires. The construction of these scales is informed by theory only and allows researchers to largely bypass the costs of developing a scale. This, however, comes at the expense of the validity of the findings, which often fail to generalize to populations outside the study sample (M. K. Lee et al., 2020).