To address this challenge, we propose a statistical measure of a reasoning model's tendency toward belief entrenchment. Specifically, we define belief entrenchment as a violation of the Martingale property — a core principle in Bayesian reasoning which, informally, states that the direction of belief updates should not be predictable in advance [Chamley, 2004, Molavi, 2021]. This motivates using the Martingale violation as a principled and unsupervised indicator of irrational belief entrenchment. Concretely, if a model's future belief can be reliably predicted from its prior belief across reasoning iterations—quantified via the goodness-of-fit of a regression model—this indicates a deviation from the Martingale property and thus the presence of belief entrenchment. We empirically validate our measure's usefulness through experiments on three domains: event forecasting, value-laden questions, and academic paper review (hereafter, Forecasting, r/ChangeMyView, and OpenReview, respectively). Across a wide range of models (e.g., GPT-4o, Llama 4), reasoning techniques (e.g., CoT, Debate), and system prompts, we find that belief entrenchment is a pervasive phenomenon. Our results show that future belief updates are consistently predictable from prior beliefs, a clear violation of the Martingale property. Critically, we validate the Martingale Score by demonstrating that it strongly correlates with a drop in ground-truth accuracy (measured by the Brier Score) in domains where such labels are available. - The Belief Entrenchment Problem and the Martingale Score. We define belief entrenchment, a statistical property that quantifies confirmation bias in LLM reasoning. We then introduce the Martingale Score, the predictability of belief updates based solely on prior, as an unsupervised and domain-agnostic measure of belief entrenchment. - Uncovering Widespread Belief Entrenchment in LLM Reasoning. We use the Martingale Score to evaluate mainstream LLMs and find that belief entrenchment is a pervasive phenomenon across different domains (Forecasting, r/ChangeMyView, and OpenReview), prompts (prior-conforming, no-prompt, critical-thinking), and model families (GPT, DeepSeek, Gemini, Llama, etc).