Jack Lu*, Ryan Teehan*, Jinran Jin, and Mengye Ren Agentic Learning AI Lab, New York University {yl11330, rst306, jj3007, mengye}@nyu.edu https://agenticlearning.ai/llm-verificationNovember 20, 2025 Large language models (LLMs) can act as both problem solvers and solution verifiers, with verifiers improving solver performance by selecting high-quality answers from a pool of candidates. However, prior studies of solver-verification interactions have been limited, focusing mainly on self-verification and rarely examining how verifiers judge outputs from models in their own or in another model family. Modern LLMs also undergo extensive post-training, but its effect on verification remains unclear. We present a systematic study across 37 models spanning multiple families, sizes, and base vs. post-trained variants, evaluated on 9 benchmarks covering logical reasoning, structured puzzles, symbolic computation, mathematics, commonsense, factual recall, and domain knowledge. We compare self-verification with verification within the same family and across different families. To support this, we introduce and empirically validate verifier gain, a metric that predicts the performance improvements from test-time verifier-based rejection sampling. We analyze how metrics like verifier gain and false positive rate scale with model size and post-training, and characterize differences in dataset verifiability. Our findings show that cross-family verification is especially effective; post-training reduces self-improvement but strengthens cross-family improvement; and mathematical and logical tasks exhibit the highest inherent verifiability. Problem-solving with LLMs has shifted from solely querying a model for a solution to a system where models both solve and verify. The paradigm of verifying solutions at test time is broad, spanning both simple strategies, such as generating multiple candidate solutions and using a verifier as a filter (Zhao et al., 2025), and more complex iterative refinement approaches (Madaan et al., 2023). With generative verification at test time, LLMs can solve more complex problems than they can when used alone (Cobbe et al., 2021; Lightman et al., 2024).