Another important issue in psychometric scale development is constituted by the "Jingle-Jangle Fallacy" (Gonzalez et al., 2021), that is, when two measures with the same label assess different constructs (jingle fallacy), or when two measures with different labels assess the same construct (jangle fallacy). In the latter case, due to the nuanced nature of psychological phenomena and the unclear definitions of constructs and their terminology, seemingly distinct scales can overlap dramatically, displaying high correlation coefficients. Avoiding jingle-jangle fallacies is largely a work of conceptual engineering (Chalmers, 2025) that requires a careful analysis of construct validity, criterion validity, and discriminant validity (Campbell & Fiske, 1959; Cronbach & Meehl, 1955). This entails iterating on scales via pilot testing, which can result in additional resources spent and loss of valuable research time. The lack of a systematic intervention on this phenomenon has over time resulted in the proliferation of several effectively redundant measuring instruments, which in turn resulted in a substantial fragmentation of quantitative psychological research (Anvari et al., 2025; Elson et al., 2023). Likewise, the recent appearance of Generative Artificial Intelligence software (GAI) based on LLMs, such as Open AI's "Chat GPT," may pave the way for the development of in silico methods for fields in which computational modelling has not been seen as effective, such as social psychology. One possible application of LLMs lies in assisting researchers in the development of psychometric instruments (Beghetto et al., 2025; Hussain et al., 2024). For example, LLMs can quickly generate a pool of draft scale items to be then validated (Götz et al., 2024), through a process of "Automatic Item Generation" (AIG) (P. Lee et al., 2023, 2025). Since their architecture is based in Natural Language Processing (NLP), and they are trained using massive amounts of textual language data, LLMs are uniquely suited to address issues in scale development that originate from lexicon and semantics. For example,