Another instance is that [16], which notes that hallucinations, caused by the fabrications - in these cases - may be monitored by LLMs self-assessing their internal states. The upside of this is the potential for self-aware agents where the AI can detect untrustworthy outputs. [22], suggests using LLM decoded text that is not labeled already instead of precluding labeled data. This aids in building hallucination detection models, which will ease the process significantly by reducing the amount of man-hours physically spent to train the models. Last but not least, [12] discusses the significance of the question-answering system with extensive underlying research and real-time strategy on hallucinations of concrete information to avert the spread of wrong ideas. This is especially important for the end-users of LLMs, which possess generative capabilities and the possibility of interaction with a user. All in all, these papers are aimed at finding ways to diminish the hallucinations in the text generation, while guaranteeing more credibility and trustworthiness of the content produced by the LLMs. There is great potential for strategies such as zero-resource detection as well as self-awareness and early detection in combating hallucinations in language models owing to the various difficulties they present. It is important to be cognizant of the link between LLMs and hallucinations, as this influences the choice of the models that mitigate this problem. Several and quite distinct LLMs differ in the degree to which they produce hallucinations, often due to the differences in the architecture of the model and the training process. The paper [1] provides a comprehensive discussion on hallucinations in language models, outlining the discomfort experienced by the models while producing illogical and non-factual outputs. It also stresses the need to comprehend the rationale and classes of hallucinations incurred by NLP systems including fabrication of facts and meaningless expression. Likewise, [5] explains the reasons why these models are active hallucination constructors, due to the size of the training dataset and its complexity, at times presenting inaccurate states or even creating information that does not exist.