At the conclusion of the study, participants were invited to share any additional thoughts on AI-generated music (see Supplements C for detailed phrasing). Personality traits. Participants' personality traits were assessed by using a short version of the Big Five Inventory (BFI-10; Rammstedt and John, 2007), which was validated in both English and German. The five personality traits Openness Socio-demographic information. Basic socio-demographic characteristics were assessed to better understand our sample and examine to what extent they influence the study outcomes. Variables assessed include participants age, gender, nationality, and educational attainment. Although the survey allowed for non-binary responses, all participants identified as male or female. Therefore gender was coded as a binary variable. Finally, language proficiency in the survey language is assessed to ensure that participants can understand subtle differences in adjectives describing their emotional experience. All statistical analyses were performed in Python (v3.9.20) using the pandas (v2.2.2) library for data handling, scipy (v1.12.0) for correlation and ANOVA testing and statsmodels (v.0.14.4) for mixed-effects models. Figures were created in R (v4.3.3) using the ggplot2 package (Wickham, 2016). Thematic analysis, following the methodology by Braun and Clarke (2006), of open answers to the question about AI-generated music was conducted using MAXQDA (v.24.10). Additional participant-level robustness analyses, averaging ratings across all songs per participant, are reported in Appendix C. These analyses replicated the composer bias effect for liking but did not reveal significant group differences for emotional intensity. To assess whether experimental condition influenced liking and emotional intensity ratings beyond individual differences and music stimuli, we fit linear mixed-effects models with crossed random intercepts for participants and songs while controlling for personality, listening characteristics and the music model used. The results are presented in Table 1.