- File editing tools, for example, create, str_replace, and insert can be used to create or modify a test file for the purpose of reproducing the issue (Localization), an application file for the purpose of fixing the bug (Patching), or a test file for the purpose of validating a generated patch (Validation). - For debugging, testing can be used for bug localization or validating the generated patch. The agents use python for executing newly generated reproduction or regression tests, or pytest for executing existing regression tests. Again, depending on the context, the same tool/command usage can be used for different purposes and, consequently, assigned to different phases. - In the GRAPHECTORY of SWE-agent Dev, there is a self-back edge 9 and back edge 10, both indicating potential inefficiencies in agent reasoning or tool usage, resulting in repeating failed edits or refining the localization plan (first pitfall in §1). GRAPHECTORY enables computation of process-centric metrics for analysis of agentic systems. Table 1 lists six metrics supported by the current implementation of GRAPHECTORY, along with their formal definitions capturing how they can be computed from a given GRAPHECTORY. These metrics capture the extent of effort an agent performs to resolve a task. Alone, their values cannot reveal whether the effort is useful or useless. But they can be used to assess how the effort is aligned with the difficulty of the problems agents are trying to solve, or whether agents succeed in solving them. We explain each metric and the intuition about its importance below: - Temporal Edge Count (TEC). This metric measures the total number of temporal transitions between actions. A higher TEC reflects a longer execution path to termination. Figure 2 shows a longer execution chain for SWE-agent Dev (14) compared to SWE-agent DSK-V3 (8). Similar to NC, the values of TEC are positively correlated with the problem difficulty, aligning the overall GRAPHENCY complexity with problem difficulty. - Loop Count (LC). This metric measures the number of times the agent decides to repeat a previously executed action. As we demonstrate later (§3.2), larger LC can indicate a non-optimized strategy resulting in the agent being stuck by unsuccessful actions, e.g., the self-loop of edge 9 in Figure 2-a, or needing to refine a previous reasoning and planning after a series of actions that cannot solve the problem, e.g., back edge 10 in Figure 2-a (§3.3.2). Alternatively, the agent may need to re-execute an action (or series of actions) to solve a complex problem gradually. LC is similar to the Cyclomatic Complexity [35] for classic software, which measures the degree of branching and the number of unique execution paths. In the context of GRAPHENCY, branching indicates that local reasoning redirects execution flow to a different path. - Average Loop Length (ALL). This metric measures the average number of actions involved before an agent decides to repeat a previously executed action. Intuitively, the longer it takes for an agent to realize its reasoning and corresponding actions are not effective in solving the problem, the weaker its reasoning or ability to gather proper contexts for reasoning is. As our results show, agents that invest in collecting a richer context during localization are less likely to have long loops, i.e., they can quickly determine reasoning inefficiency and change their strategies accordingly (§3.2.1 and §3.3.2).