- A methodology for creating an energy model, providing energy consumption distributions for statically typed JVM-based programming languages. - An investigation of the effect of primitive data types, data sizes, operations, and device instances on energy consumption. - Evidence that different device instances of the same hardware model consume different amounts of energy, affecting the generalizability of energy predictions. The paper's organization is as follows. Section 2 provides background information on Bayesian statistics. Section 3 introduces our methodology. Section 4 presents the implementation of the methodology. Section 5 explain the evaluation and validity threats. The evaluation results are presented in Section 6, with the discussion in Section 7. Section 8 discusses the related work, and Section 9 concludes the paper. Bayesian statistics is a statistical framework that aims to make probability statements of a true unobserved phenomenon given prior knowledge [13], [14], [15]. At a high level, this goal is similar to that of frequentist statistics, the statistical framework most common in computer science today. The main difference between these two frameworks lies in their ways of building and interpreting statistical models: frequentist statistics aims to build models purely from observed data, avoiding biases and assumptions as much as possible. In contrast, Bayesian statistics builds models that make biases and prior assumptions explicit and susceptible to scrutiny and validation. We use Bayesian statistics for two reasons: (1) Bayesian statistics forces us to make our assumptions explicit and increase modularity and explainability, and (2) Bayesian statistics predict energy consumption in the form of posterior distributions, which compare energy consumption between different alternatives in more detail compared to single point estimates provided by frequentist approaches. In this paper, we assume that energy consumption follows a normal distribution and lies within a range that we conservatively select from prior work (Section 3.2.2). We then pass these prior distributions to a Bayesian inference algorithm that updates these prior distributions to better explain our measurements. If we have few measurements, our estimates will dominate the results and may lead to imprecise or even incorrect results. With enough data, Bayesian inference can correct errors in our priors (outside of pathological cases) and allow us to estimate how well the distribution predicted by our model fits the data (Section 5.1).