approaches the target. When the target is far away, the character transitions to a fast running behavior. These nuanced behaviors arise purely from the stationary score-matching motion prior combined with a simple target-distance task objective. No motion planner is required to explicitly select which gait the character should perform. SMP provides the policy with the flexibility to adapt behaviors in the dataset in order to create new skills for different tasks. In the challenging Dodgeball task, agents trained with the locomotion prior spontaneously develop agile jumping and dodging skills, as shown in Figure 5(c). These behaviors were not present in the original dataset, but they closely resemble real human strategies in dodgeball. In contrast, AMP fails on this task, potentially due to the instability of the adversarial objective when the required dodging skill deviates significantly from the reference dataset, which contains only locomotion motions. Policies trained using AMP with a frozen discriminator further fail to produce natural behaviors or achieve strong task performance across all tasks, indicating that adversarial priors cannot be effectively reused, even for identical tasks. In comparison, SMP allows a single pretrained motion prior to be reused across different policies and tasks. Moreover, as shown by the task return curves in Figure 7, a fixed score-matching motion prior also offers higher sample efficiency, consistently providing stable and informative guidance throughout reinforcement learning. Getting up from arbitrary fallen states is an essential skill for both humans and humanoid agents. However, this task is particularly challenging, as many existing methods rely on auxiliary rewards to suppress overly dynamic or erratic motions. Existing approaches, such as AMP, which adaptively update the motion prior during training, can effectively learn natural get-up behaviors. As shown in Table 3, our method demonstrates that even with a stationary motion prior, SMP can successfully train a robust get-up policy capable of recovering from random fallen states. In Figure 5(e), the character is knocked far away yet is still able to roll over, push itself up with its hands, and successfully get back to standing. More qualitative results are best viewed in the supplementary video.