Taken together, these results demonstrate that cross-modal generalization in OMNIGUARD is substantial. OMNIGUARD can generalize safety reasoning from trained modalities to untrained ones and but also acquires modality-invariant semantic representations of unsafe content. In conclusion, we introduce OMNIGUARD-7B and OMNIGUARD-3B, the first family of omni-modal guardrails trained on a comprehensive and unified safety fine-tuning dataset covering both unimodal and cross-modal samples. OMNIGUARD instantiates a unified omni-modal safety solution: it can moderate and reason about unsafe content in heterogeneous and cross-modal settings. Extensive experiments demonstrate that OMNIGUARD-7B consistently outperforms existing guardrail models across all modalities, while OMNIGUARD-3B can achieve competitive results compared to large-scale LLMs and MLLMs such as Qwen3-235B and Qwen3-VL-235B. These results highlight the strong omni-modal safety detection and reasoning capabilities of our approach, confirming the feasibility of a unified guardrail system with omni-modal understanding and interpretability. Future work will investigate more complex and cross-modal safety scenarios to further advance omni-modal safeguarding in next-generation large language models. Limitations. Although OMNIGUARD demonstrates strong omni-modal safety reasoning and consistent performance across modalities, several limitations remain. While incorporating reasoning paths significantly enhances the in terpretability and reliability of safety assessments, it inevitably increases inference latency due to the additional reasoning generation step. As a result, OMNIGUARD has higher computational overhead compared to lightweight, binary-classification guardrail systems. The trade-off between safety reasoning depth and inference latency can be further explored under different use cases and scenarios to further optimize safety robustness and efficiency. Additionally, due to the limited availability of publicly accessible cross-modal safety fine-tuning datasets, there remains substantial room for progress in moderating more complex interleaved multimodal safety scenarios. We hope future research will continue to improve the robustness and reliability of omni-modal systems, and advance their capability to safeguard against risks across complex modality combinations.