samese achieved an average F1 score of 84.65 across Assamese benchmarks, compared to 83.91 obtained through cross-lingual transfer from Hindi. A similar trend was observed for Sindhi, where direct supervision yielded an F1 score of 85.59, while the Hindi-trained model achieved a comparable score of 86.11 through cross-lingual transfer. To address RQ2, we evaluate our models on 11 low-resource languages², each selectively sampled from the 8 clusters (See Figure 2). We find that languages written in Latin script (e.g. Galician (Gl) and Slovenian (Sl)) exhibit more stable performance across benchmarks (Table 5). This consistency is likely due to script overlap and subword tokenization coverage in the shared XLM-R vocabulary, which favors languages with higher representation during pretraining. Interestingly, Icelandic(Is), despite also using the Latin script, performs less reliably because of its rich and complex morphological structure, which results in high token fragmenta tion and less coherent sentence representations. These factors can limit the effectiveness of multilingual encoders using subword tokenization (e.g., SentencePiece in XLM-R). Cross-Cluster Performance Transfer from High-Resource Languages To assess the extent to which training on a high-resource language supports transfer within and across clusters and subsequently answer RQ3, we train models with the following training language configurations: (i) Hindi-only, (ii) Chinese-only, and (iii) Hindi+Chinese combined. Each model is evaluated across six languages from each of the Indic (Hindi) and East-Southeast Asian (Chinese) clusters. Across the Indic cluster, the Hindi-trained model outperforms the Chinese-trained model for all benchmarks (See Table 6). On the East-Southeast Asian cluster, a similar trend is observed where the Chinese-trained model outperforms Hindi Hindi-trained model within its cluster for most of the benchmarks. This demonstrates that transfer within a cluster from its own high-resource language to other member languages is more effective than transfer across clusters from a high-resource language of a different cluster.