In total, the dataset contains 81 questions, each addressing a health issue and a potential treatment. These issues span 50 disease and condition categories, such as "Cancer", "Low back pain in adults", and "AIDS", as well as one general well-being category "Other," which covers topics such as weight management. Figure 2 illustrates 10 example disease and condition categories most commonly addressed by the health questions. The complete list of all questions and their corresponding categories is provided in the Appendix Table A4. To investigate how language models respond to real-world biomedical knowledge conflicts, we develop five prompt templates to evaluate their performance under different question-answering scenarios. As illustrated in Table 2, for each annotated instance from the HEALTHCONTRADICT dataset, we generate five question prompts based on these pre-defined Question: { Question } Question: { Question } Question: { Question } Context: { Correct Document } Question: { Question } Context: { Incorrect Document } Our baseline selection was motivated by two objectives: (i) to evaluate whether biomedical fine-tuning enhances performance within the biomedical domain and (ii) to assess whether increasing model size leads to performance gains. We also selected language models with extended context lengths to process long documents. We show details of selected models in Table 3. Each biomedical model was obtained by fine-tuning the general-domain model presented in the same row. Instruct refers to models that have been finetuned to follow user instructions (i.e., instruction-tuned). We do not finetune any models and perform zero-shot inference for the selected baseline models. We evaluate open-source language models ranging from 1B to 8B parameters for reproducibility of resource-limited healthcare settings. As shown in Table 4, the difference among larger language models (7-8B) is minor. Moreover, fine-tuned biomedical model MEDITRON3-QWEN2.5-7B underperforms QWEN2.5-7B. These state-of-the-art evaluation benchmarks are weak at comprehending difference among models' capabilities because they primarily assess a model's parametric knowledge.