Objective Evaluation. We report the superior performance of ViSAudio across multiple objective metrics on both in-distribution and out-of-distribution datasets, as shown in Tab. 2. It is compared with several state-of-the-art video-to-spatial-audio generation methods, with details of all compared methods provided in Sec. 5.1. For the BiAudio and MUSIC test sets, we use both video and caption inputs, while for FAIR-Play, which lacks captions, only video is provided. Models without text-processing capability are evaluated using video inputs only. The results in Tab. 2 show that ViSAudio outperforms other binaural-audio generation methods in overall quality, spatial channel distribution matching, audio-visual synchrony, and semantic alignment. This highlights the model's ability to generate high-fidelity binaural audio while maintaining audio-visual coherence under varying acoustic environments. Notably, its strong performance on the out-of-distribution FAIR-Play dataset, which was not seen during training, demonstrates robust generalization across diverse sound environments. We present a comparative analysis of video-conditioned binaural spatial audio generation in Fig. 3. The example shows a person playing the sitar, with the camera moving from left to right, causing the sound source to shift from right to left in the video. We visualize the spectrograms of the generated binaural audio from our method ViSAudio, the ground truth, and other baselines. Our method produces audio that is most consistent with the ground truth and effectively reflects spatial changes in the sound source. The boxed regions indicate that when the sound source is located on the left, the left-channel spectrogram exhibits higher energy. This reflects the increased loudness perceived by the left ear and matches the ground-truth spatial audio, demonstrating our model's ability to adapt to viewpoint changes. In contrast, other methods generate incorrect rhythms and fail to reflect any left-right channel differences.