In all three models, the total causal influence of young on the image and prediction is the same, illustrating that it is a reliable measure independent of abstraction. However, if an explanation model ignores the causal structure by intervening on variables as if independent, only the direct effect is captured, which varies from equal to the total effect for the first model, to 0 for the last model. Thus, direct influence is not a consistent measure. Section 5.3.1 discusses the challenges arising when model assumptions are violated, which suggests that model choices should be made carefully. Whenever model assumptions are found to introduce a bias in explanations, either the model must be adapted or, if not feasible, the explainer must be informed about the biased context in which the explanations are valid. This is however not meant to indicate that complex models with less assumptions are always favoured over simpler ones. For instance, to ensure that explanations are generated in accordance with their expected causal interpretation, the causal model is primarily required to reflect a level of abstraction consistent with that of the explainee's causal understanding of the world (assumed imprecise but not false). With understandability as a main goal, abstracting away certain low level singular causal mechanisms is preferable, condensing relevant information into a more accessible representation. Another significant advantage of the causal explanation model discussed in Section 5.3.1 is that the process of causal modelling of concepts, reliant on some contribution of expert knowledge, is more robust regarding detecting and removing spurious correlations than data-driven modelling. Thus, the explanation model can identify spurious relationships learned by the predictor, even in some cases where the same dataset is used to learn the explanation model. With expert knowledge becoming more accessible through LLMs, as demonstrated with the example presented, this has potential particularly for XAI targeting model improvement through detecting unintended model behaviour.