part in the interaction with the mother agent based on the currently acquired grammar. This design represents a novel approach as most often computational models of language acquisition are based on inputting corpora to the language acquisition procedures (e.g. Alishahi and Stevenson 2008, Alishahi and Chrupala 2012, Conner et al. 2009, Matusevych et al. 2013). In this paper, rather than limiting the term "language model" to the typical usage in current NLP, where it usually refers to neural models trained on a next-word prediction objective (e.g., transformer-based models like GPT, cf. Brown et al. 2020, Radford et al. 2018, and BERT, cf. Devlin et al. 2019), we use it in a broader sense, encompassing rule-based approaches, statistical methods, and artificial neural networks as all of these approaches are employed to address common tasks in NLP. This distinction is important because the mother agent in our multi-agent system relies on explicit linguistic rules, while language acquiring agent incorporates statistical methods to infer a rule-based model for a linguistic phenomenon. The study presented by this paper investigates whether the MODOMA daughter agent is able to acquire and represent functional and content categories by integrating an application of the Zipfian distribution in the MODOMA language acquisition system. Specifically, we examine whether a multi-agent language acquisition system can derive functional and content categories from machine-generated utterances and represent them through a rule-based grammar. To address this question, we assess whether these utterances exhibit statistical patterns similar to those in human language and determine the amount of input data necessary to detect such patterns. We then explore whether these statistical tendencies can be converted into grammatical rules. Finally, we validate the results by assessing the alignment of the inferred categories with the original grammar and evaluating the system's reliability in acquiring structured linguistic knowledge in an unsupervised manner.