PEFT-FACTORY also implements the calculation of classification and efficiency metrics during the prediction phase in addition to already existing token accuracy and semantic similarity metrics (i.e., Rouge (Lin, 2004) and Bleu (Papineni et al., 2002)). From the classification metrics, PEFT-FACTORY implements standard Accuracy and F1 metrics. To measure efficiency during the evaluation of PEFT methods, PEFT-FACTORY implements the PSCP metric (Balanec et al., 2025), a highly adjustable metric that considers various efficiency parameters (e.g., number of parameters, memory usage, inference time). We implement these metrics within the train/sft/metric.py file for supervised finetuning, following the pattern from LLaMA-Factory and utilizing separate data classes for each metric. Specifically, we name the classes ComputeAccuracy, ComputeF1, and ComputePSCP. For classification, we include a binary flag attribute within the training arguments, called compute_classification.metrics, which enables or disables the computation of classification metrics. For the efficiency metrics, we include a binary flag compute_pscp. Additional information on the usage of efficiency metrics can be found in Appendix B.3. The extensibility of PEFT methods and datasets, together with a ready-to-use, controlled, and stable environment, is a key factor of PEFT-FACTORY that aims to promote further research on PEFT methods. To demonstrate how PEFT-FACTORY improves reproducibility and benchmarking of PEFT methods, we present two specific use cases. How the modular design of PEFT-FACTORY promotes reproducibility and transparency of newly created PEFT methods can be seen in the use case, when fellow researchers and practitioners develop new PEFT methods. Currently, when a new PEFT method is developed, the published source code is often not fully functional or difficult to reproduce. In addition, the authors often have to implement code for training and evaluation of the PEFT method from scratch, which is often repetitive, increases the probability of mistakes in the code, and is prone to inconsistencies in the final results.