We evaluate ADORE by both offline and online metrics. In offline evaluation, since the human annotations are binary, the task is treated as a classification task, and we evaluate the model by precision, recall, and F1 score. For online evaluation, we conduct experiments in the search advertising and adopt the following business metrics: Ad. CTR (click-through rate), Ad. revenue (total ad revenue), and the Good rate provided by human experts. We compare ADORE with several strong baselines, including widely used BERT, LLAMA-3-8B and their respective variants. For BERT-based models, we compare the two-tower-based BERT [6] and the cross-encoder-based BERT. For the cross-encoder-based BERT, we further compare its mini version (which shares the same architecture and parameter size as our online model), the standard version, and the version enhanced with our proposed CoT information. As for the LLM model, we compare the approach that directly utilizes the representation of the last token for classification. Finally, we present ADORE, which extends BERT-Mini by integrating online data from the RD module, adversarial-style synthetic data from the DS module, and explicit attribute knowledge from the KD module. The experimental results are shown in Table 2. Overall, the experimental results indicate that ADORE significantly outperforms all baselines on a large-scale real-world dataset. Specifically, we have the following observations: (1) The cross-encoder-based BERT model demonstrates superior performance compared to the bi-encoder-based BERT, and scaling up the model parameters further enhances its performance. Notably, the integration of CoT attributes leads to a marked improvement in BERT's performance, demonstrating the effectiveness of explicit knowledge. Directly using LLM for classification yields results that are even weaker than BERT model. (2) Leveraging the domain-rule-aware LLM within the RD module to generate hard samples significantly enhances model performance. The subsequent inclusion of adversarially crafted data from the DS module further elevates the model's F1 score. Additionally, the explicit knowledge augmentation in the KD module enhances the model's reasoning and generalization prowess, further improving its overall performance.