Overall, these results highlight that reasoning-based safety alignment not only enhances the performance of omnimodal guardrails across different modality settings, but also provides better understanding and generalization in complex cross-modal safety scenarios that label-only supervision fails to handle. To investigate whether safety knowledge learned in seen modalities can generalize to unseen ones, we conduct cross-modal training and evaluation. Specifically, for each split, we train OMNIGUARD using data from three modalities for training and seen modality evaluation and leave one modality out for unseen modality evaluation. We report the averaged F1 and accuracy across all four seen and unseen modality evaluations in Table 5. We draw two main conclusions from these experiments. (1) Overall, strong cross-modal transfer is observed across all four modalities. The unseen modality performance remains close to seen modality results (79.4 vs. 81.8 F1 on average), indicating that OMNIGUARD successfully learns modality-invariant safety representations. This suggests that harmful semantic patterns can be effectively aligned and learned across text, image, video, and audio inputs. OMNIGUARD further acquire generalizable safety reasoning ability across modalities. (2) One notable exception arises in the audio modality, where the seen modality F1 (64.6%) is slightly lower than the unseen modality F1 (65.1%). This phenomenon is due to the OMNIGUARD variant trained on text excluded split exhibiting degraded performance on the WildGuard-TTS benchmark. WildGuardMix-TTS is the auditory version of WildGuardMix constructed by text-to-speech model. Training without textual data also lead to degradation in the audio setting, this reveals that content which are semantically equivalent but are from different modalities (e.g., harmful text vs. its spoken version) can mutually influence each other during safety alignment. And the knowledge from one form can be transferred to another semantically invariant form.