review the current most common applications of AI for exploration and point out common errors. Then in Part III I will conjecture what the most likely evolution of AI is in exploration, again through the lens of decision-making. The ultimate goal of exploration is to make a new discovery. Discoveries can be made near known deposits (brownfield exploration) or in an unexplored area (greenfield exploration). In the next decade or so, we are likely to see more brownfield discoveries than greenfield ones. Exploration can be seen as an exercise in reducing scale of investigation by reducing uncertainty in knowledge of the existence of economic deposits. Exploration often starts at the continental scale, looking for example at large igneous provinces that may have the favorable tectonic setting where magma (source) can rise to the surface crust (pathway), then get trapped by physical means and chemical precipitation in large and shallow enough concentrations to be economical. At the larger scales, geologist are guided by geological mapping and airborne geophysical data. Anomalies detected on airborne multi-physics surveys are identified (possible by comparison with those of known deposits) to reduce the scale of exploration on the ground by more detailed geological field work, ground geophysical surveys and geochemical assaying of soils. The next steps is by far the costliest: drilling to confirm or falsify hypothesis of a promising geometries/lithologies (e.g. intrusions) and mineralization. In an ideal setting such decisions are made rationally using decision science (Howard, 1968), uncertainty quantification (Scheidt et al., 2018) and understanding the value of information (Eidsvik et al., 2015) to minimize cost by optimally quantifying uncertainty relative to some economic threshold or other property of interest. Various data sources create an understanding of how the mineral system was developed. Data is used to make predictions for regions/zones/location of interest. Data may not just be acquired to directly detect mineralization but to test geological hypothesis. Data may be acquired to reduce uncertainty on orebody geometry. Not only are various decisions made, the objective (reward in AI) of the decision changes during the exploration project.