We explained in Section 3 how the questions map to four axes corresponding to the research questions. SPLE was unknown by most of the interviewees, so we described the SPLE concepts and purposes during the interviews. This involved a potential bias introduced during the explanation. However, we trust our interviewees to be able to form their own opinion on the subject, and the interviewer to avoid having too much impact on this opinion. The questions are intentionally open-ended to encourage extensive responses and capture a wide range of concepts. They have been carefully built to avoid limiting the scope extent of potential answers. The metrics were built to get the most out of the information we obtained, and to extract as much useful data as possible. The metrics count the relevant terms and their occurrence number (aggregated and per role) in the answers. So tables contain exhaustive information and (bar) graphs highlight value distribution. Even if an answer is unique and not shared by anyone else, it is still considered and taken into account. We conduct an exhaustive reflection on all the answers provided. Terms extracted from the interviews were aggregated and aligned with terms from the SPLE domain, like "personalisation" and "making specific some parts of the code", which correspond to "customization". This helped in making uniform the results. Besides, this alignment helped finding in the literature the arguments to reassure actors worries [LKHB21, MZB+15, Kru92]. Iterating through this process with many different persons enabled us to evolve positively the fluidity with which the interviews have been conducted. Questions have not been changed, but the way questions were approached was improved over time. For instance, this involves offering additional hints and elaborating on details when the interviewee is unsure, or enhancing the transitions between questions. Despite this, we believe that, whether on the first or the last questionnaire, the quantity and quality of information extracted during these interviews were the same.