Llama-4 Maverick's multimodal NRMSE performance exceeds that of a Bayesian reliability-weighted unbiased linear combination. The Bayesian reliability-weighted combiner is a normative baseline widely used in biological studies and humans are shown to employ consistent mechanisms Ernst & Banks (2002). Llama-4 Maverick's outperformance indicates a cue-combination efficiency beyond some biological systems including humans. This suggests that the model may be leveraging additional non-linear properties not assumed under our linear baseline. In Figure 7, we fitted Llama-4 Maverick's multimodal responses against its unimodal responses. We found that a nonlinear random forest is indeed better able to fit its multimodal responses from unimodal responses than linear variants. Under linear-Gaussian noise, the Bayesian cue combiner is optimal and thus provides a natural yardstick for future improvement on LLMs that have not yet reached this level of performance. From the right panel of Figure 8, we see that generally more accurate models also tend to exhibit more Bayes-consistent behaviour. However, despite Gemma 3 4B and Phi 4 Multimodal's lower accuracy, they achieved a decent BCS value. We show a breakdown of the BCS by task and model in A.9. Our study reveals that LLMs exhibit rich and diverse behavioural patterns when probed with psychophysics-inspired magnitude estimation tasks. While the degree of factor evidence for Bayesian behaviour differs by task and modality, more accurate models (e.g., GPT-5 Mini, Claude 3.7 Sonnet, Llama-4 Maverick) tend to display higher Bayesian factor evidence, especially in the image modality (Appendix A.11 for full breakdown). These models tend to adapt their behaviour in Bayes-consistent ways when inputs are subjected to perturbations such as noise, steering, or extended context (right panel of Figure 8) and take into account contextual prior information during estimation even without explicit training or reasoning instructions. This is reminiscent of findings in human psychophysics, where Bayesian models explain a wide range of human perceptual phenomena and processing in the brains (Petzschner et al., 2015; Knill & Pouget, 2004) without explicit training. We emphasise that our analysis at this stage is behavioural and to offer a mechanistic or causal account of how such behaviour are implemented would require further analysis.