The discussed language acquisition experiments are aimed at adding explicit grammatical knowledge to a lexicon. Subsequently, the daughter agent can use this acquired knowledge to take part in the conversation with the mother. To this end, the system employs statistical machine learning techniques, resulting in an explicitly specified grammatical representation. This contributes to existing systems based on statistical methods and neural networks by offering a more interpretable, rule-based approach to language modeling. By employing the principle of Zipf's law (Mandelbrot 1954, Zipf 1949), this study provides an essential robustness evaluation of the feasibility of implementing a multi-agent simulation of first language acquisition. Crucially, the purpose of this study is not to perform a binary classification of function and content words per se, but rather to employ this classification as a tool for assessing the validity of this novel approach to modelling first language acquisition. The advantage of using Zipf's law is that it offers a solid and reliable basis for evaluating the system's performance and components. This is a well-established practice. For example, Chaabouni et al. (2019) and Rita et al. (2020) employ Zipf's law to develop a multi-agent framework to model language evolution, see also the recent studies by Dębowski (2021), Takahashi and Tanaka-Ishii (2019), and Takamichi et al. (2024). Importantly, the experiments in this study validate all components necessary to enable a multiagent model of first language acquisition. Specifically, the acquisition of function and content words employs a hybrid language acquisition strategy, which is based on statistical tendencies that facilitate the acquisition of discrete grammatical rules. Therefore, these results support the modeling of more complex grammatical phenomena and demonstrate the feasibility of the MODOMA research agenda. A study building on these results is the work by Shakouri et al. (2025), which demonstrates how grammatical categories such as noun, verb, and preposition can be acquired using unsupervised techniques. In this paper two experiments illustrating this approach are presented: the first simulation discussed in Sections 6 and 7 has been applied to a training data set generated by the mother agent. These experiments were used to determine the parameter settings for the acquisition of this linguistic phenomenon. The second experiment taking a novel test data set generated by the adult language model as its input was used to validate this configuration, see Section 8. The results suggest that the MODOMA is able to acquire these grammatical categories and represent them by the grammar formalism of the daughter agent.