In order to effectively reason over long videos, retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) based methods that retrieve relevant frames or clips instead of sampled frames have been introduced. They typically retrieve query-relevant information using textual and visual cues, and allow the model to focus on crucial clips [10, 14, 31]. Some recent methods extend this approach by constructing graph structures to encode multimodal interactions across frames [18, 21, 32]. However, these models rely on textual representation or a simple similarity score between visual and query features, limiting their ability to perform holistic understanding and complex reasoning over long video sequences. Beyond naive retrieval-based design, memory-based methods have emerged to construct structured knowledge over video streams. EgoRAG [33] organizes hierarchical textual memories that store events from egocentric video streams in a hierarchical manner, allowing reasoning throughout day-long activities. Ego-R1 [23] extends this by leveraging vision-centric tools with iterative reasoning to perform long-horizon reasoning. HippoMM [12] proposes a dual-process memory using semantic summaries with multimodal cues. M3-Agent [13] constructs entity-centric long-term memory by processing multimodal contexts and adopts iterative reasoning to retrieve relevant knowledge from the memory. Despite these advances, existing works still struggle to fully integrate multimodal information and to dynamically retrieve knowledge across varying temporal scales to handle complex, long video scenarios. We introduce WorldMM, a novel framework that leverages both textual and visual contexts of video streams to build a multimodal memory for comprehensive understanding and reasoning over long videos. As illustrated in Fig. 2, the model operates in three stages: multimodal memory construction, adaptive memory retrieval, and response generation. Given a long video stream, WorldMM first builds multiple memories, including two textual memories and one visual memory (Sec. 3.1). Next, a retrieval agent iteratively collects query-relevant information from different memories and timescales until sufficient knowledge is gathered to answer the question (Sec. 3.2). Finally, the query is fed into a response agent along with the retrieved contents and retrieval history to generate a response (Sec. 3.3).