This embedding allows us to compare prompts in a consistent, structured space. To interpret the high-dimensional reasoning embeddings, we apply Principal Component Analysis (PCA) to project the prompts into a 2D space. As shown in the KDE Figure 10 from MATH500, prompts selected through optimization exhibit a more compact distribution compared to those sampled randomly. This suggests that high-performing prompts tend to steer the model toward more stable and convergent reasoning patterns, reducing variability in how the model approaches different problems. Results of other benchmarks show a similar pattern and are presented in Appendix Figure 15 and Figure 16. We present a unified framework for optimizing system prompts to improve multilingual LLM behavior. Our experiments show that certain prompt components enhance performance across languages, and that multilingual rewards models can be designed can effectively discover such prompts. Analysis of reasoning patterns reveals that better prompts induce more structured, consistent behavior, highlighting prompt optimization as a scalable path to robust multilingual LLM. We thank the anonymous reviewers and members of the Blablablab for their feedback. This project was funded in part by a grant from LG AI and by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. IIS-2143529. How to find a good prompt? Although we find some high-quality prompts with SPRIG, identifying prompts that perform consistently well across all four evaluation metrics remains challenging. Reasoning pattern While our experiments show that high-quality prompts can steer LLMs toward certain reasoning patterns which leads to better performance, the nature of these patterns and why they improve model's performance is not explored. Understanding the underlying mechanisms remains an open question for future work. While this research has tried to minimize potential ethical concerns, several ethical implication remain. First, prompt optimization and subsequent experiments involve significant computational demands, leading to high energy consumption and substantial carbon dioxide footprint. Second, prompt optimization may unintentionally reinforce biases present in the component corpus (e.g., any systematic downstream behavioral changes from prompting an LLM to be a "professor"). Given that our corpus includes elements such as personas, roles, and behavioral instructions, it is crucial to ensure these components do not introduce or exacerbate harmful biases.