Guiding LLMs on automated program repair. CFAULTS has also been integrated with Large Language Models (LLMs), via zero-shot learning, to enhance automated program repair for C programming assignments [44, 46]. In this setting, CFAULTS identifies the buggy parts of a C program and presents the LLM with a program sketch in which these faulty statements are removed. This hybrid approach follows a Counterexample Guided Inductive Synthesis (CEGIS) loop [48] to iteratively refine the program. The LLM is then asked to synthesise the missing parts, which are subsequently checked against a test suite. If the synthesised program is incorrect, a counterexample from the test suite is provided to the LLM to guide a revised synthesis. This method enabled LLMs to repair more programs and produce smaller fixes, outperforming both alternative configurations that do not employ FBFL methods and state-of-the-art symbolic program repair tools. Fault localisation (FL) techniques typically fall into two main families: spectrum-based (SBFL) and formula-based (FBFL). SBFL methods [50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55] estimate the likelihood of a component being faulty based on test coverage information collected from both passing and failing test executions. While SBFL techniques are generally fast, they may lack precision, as not all components identified in this way are necessarily responsible for the observed failures [56, 57]. In contrast, FBFL approaches [4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 2, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64] are considered exact. As explained in Section 3, these methods (e.g., BugAssIST [11], SNIPER [12]) deal with the problem of fault localisation as a Model-Based Diagnosis (MBD) [3] problem, seeking minimal sets of faulty components. Typically, they make a MaxSAT call for each failing test case, yielding a minimal diagnosis for each failing observation in isolation rather than reasoning over all failures jointly. They then apply an aggregation procedure to aggregate the per-test diagnoses into a single explanation of the system's inconsistency. As we show in this paper, for C software