The combination of properties of the MODOMA system contributes to the field by providing a laboratory approach to modeling language acquisition. Both the adult and child agents interact as integral components of the system. Moreover, the system is fully parameterized, and the acquired grammatical knowledge is explicitly represented and can be consulted. Crucially, as this grammatical knowledge is explicitly represented by the grammar model, the linguistic knowledge and processing of the language model can be straightforwardly consulted by researchers. This design expands the An important contribution of the study presented in this paper is the validation of the feasibility of a multi-agent computational laboratory for first language acquisition. The application of the principle of Zipf's law thus serves as an essential tool for evaluating the MODOMA approach to modeling language acquisition. Crucially, the experiments designed to acquire function and content categories, using a hybrid approach involving statistical analyses that result in discrete categories, incorporate all the elements found in more complex experiments. As a result, the findings of this study lay a solid foundation for future investigations. For instance, this research paves the way for further studies that can expand and refine the current experiments: future research extending the function and content word experiments could explore the effects of new parameters on the grammar acquired by the daughter agent, the utterances produced by the daughter agent, and the interaction with the mother agent. Examples of such parameters include the number of times the functional and content category acquisition process is executed as well as whether previously acquired categories should be changed when additional data is processed. Another relevant avenue for further study is to investigate the impact of feedback from the mother agent to the daughter agent and its effect on language acquisition, the generated utterances and the interaction between the adult and child agent. Furthermore, the success of the current experiments provides the opportunity to test more complex acquisition procedures. Extending this framework, the acquisition of additional and more intricate grammatical phenomena should be modeled using the MODOMA approach. For example, Shakouri et al. (2025) demonstrate that grammatical categories such as nouns, verbs, and prepositions can be acquired under similar experimental conditions as the function and content words experiment. Building on the results of this study, Shakouri et al. (2025) employ more advanced statistical methods, such as hierarchical agglomerative clustering, to acquire discrete grammatical categories in an unsupervised manner. Thus, the results of this study provide a foundational contribution for the continued exploration and development of this line of research.