The prior-conforming prompt reinforces a belief aligned with the model's likely initial stance, serving both as a sense check and as a potential lower bound for belief entrenchment and accuracy. In contrast, the critical-thinking prompt encourages openness to counter-evidence and rational belief revision. All prompts used in the experiments are provided in Appendix C. This section presents our empirical findings. We first establish an association between belief entrenchment (as measured by the Martingale Score) and drops in ground-truth accuracy, as a vindication for the former. We then benchmark a range of closed- and open-weights models on different problem domains and setups, and causally attribute belief entrenchment to various factors like models, prompts, and reasoning techniques. Finally, we confirm LLM-as-a-judge validity. Notably, we observe overall more severe belief entrenchment in value-laden domains such as r/Change-MyView (when using the same model, under the same system prompt, the Martingale Score is always higher in r/ChangeMyView than in Forecasting), suggesting that belief entrenchment might be a more serious concern in domains where we cannot evaluate LLM performance against ground truth. We also intended to manipulate the degree of belief entrenchment by using a critical thinking prompt and a prior-conforming prompt. We observe that belief entrenchment is more severe under a prior-conforming prompt and less severe under a critical thinking prompt in Forecasting, but not in r/ChangeMyView or OpenReview. More discussion about factors influencing belief entrenchment can be seen in Appendix B. Belief Entrenchment Harms Accuracy As the ultimate aim of reasoning in LLMs is to obtain true beliefs, we show that belief entrenchment diminishes this objective. We do so within problem domains where ground truth labels are available (i.e., Forecasting and OpenReview). While outcome-based metrics (such as Brier score) measure model performance, they reveal little about why models achieve high performance, and for this reason, we need process-based metrics on reasoning [Mondorf and Plank, 2024b]. We show a positive correlation between the Martingale Score and Brier Score in Forecasting, suggesting that belief entrenchment is one of the culprits that compromise LLM reasoning.