We first qualitatively analyzed the results by carefully reading several times the interview summaries. During the interviews, we recorded the discussions, took handwritten notes, and later summarized the recorded content. This combined approach aims to ensure that all relevant information is captured and to minimize the risk of missing critical details, aligning with the common and recommended practice of recording and transcribing interviews in qualitative research. The analysis process was made by the research team, which included the person who conducted the interviews. Then we designed a set of metrics to conduct a quantitative analysis. These metrics are a combination of tallying responses and frequency: First, we counted how many current good practices are identified, next how many benefits are identified?, then how many risks are identified? and finally how many fears are identified?. To answer these questions we looked for similar formulations of answers and we interpreted interview's answers to extract simple words summarizing the ideas. For example, "The genericity pushes to factorize more and more" is summarized with "genericity" and "factorisation". For each topic we first identified the frequency of generic expressed terms. Then we separated them per role - the actor who expressed them. The potential words were identified with a method composed of several steps. We first sorted words by frequency after having removed stop-words and punctuation. We selected the most meaningful words, then we browsed the documents to validate the context of use for each word. Our identified words were enriched to form compound words by adding adverbs, like "too complex" instead of "complex" to strengthen the meaning of the word. We compared the words deduced from the books with the words from the answers. First we checked if there was a match between them. If there was a negative match we looked for more suitable words. For instance, we replaced "unusable" with "useless" to better align with the identified words from books. If there was a positive match we concluded that the word is correctly aligned with the potential identified words. This process allowed us to refine and improve our synthesized answers with knowledge coming from books and get a better match with the language used in those books. Furthermore, this approach helped us to extract the most relevant and meaningful terms to improve our data analysis.