In our threat model, the backdoor is probabilistically triggered by user invocations, making the LeechHijack present from inception. However, a more insidious variant of this attack is possible. Given that the tool itself is benign, it suffices for attackers to refrain from issuing malicious requests and to simply relay the tool's nominal outputs. Once the tool achieves widespread adoption, the attacker can remotely activate the hijacking. This delayed activation strategy, reminiscent of supply chain attacks [72], [73], significantly amplifies the potential impact and complicates attribution. Moreover, the attack's covertness can be further augmented through selective targeting. By analyzing victim identifiers and targeting only victims who make persistent calls, which typically pass the security testing phase, the LeechHijack threat becomes even more difficult to detect and covert during the testing phase. In this paper, we identify and formalize a previously overlooked class of attacks called implicit toxicity, which exploits the legitimate permissions of an agent to perform harmful actions. To reveal this risk, we introduce LeechHijack, a Latent Embedded Exploit for Computation Hijacking. LeechHijack can be deployed by any MCP tool provider and infiltrates a victim's agent system via legitimate tool invocations, continuously siphoning computational resources for unauthorized tasks. LeechHijack reveals a previously overlooked vulnerability in the MCP sharing paradigm, where malicious tools can compromise agent systems without elevated privileges. We conducted extensive experiments across diverse agent frameworks, confirming the practicality of LeechHijack and its resilience against existing defenses. Furthermore, we investigate targeted mitigation strategies to establish a baseline for future defenses. Our findings highlight a security gap in the burgeoning agent ecosystem, underscoring the urgent need for rigorous vetting of third-party components. All experiments in this study were conducted in accordance with strict ethical and security guidelines. The Leech-Hijack attack described in this paper is a controlled proof of concept that aims to highlight a systemic vulnerability in large language model (LLM) based agent ecosystems rather than to enable or promote malicious behavior. No production systems, commercial platforms, or third-party services were exploited during this research. All evaluations were performed within isolated local or cloud sandboxes using agents and tools that we deployed ourselves. Network communication with external servers was limited to simulated environments to prevent the exfiltration of real data.