Other approaches include CoT2 (Gozeten et al., 2025), which learns to produce token mixtures similar to training-free methods, applied to GPT-2 for logical reasoning tasks; CODI (Shen et al., 2025b) uses a teacher-student distillation framework to improve performance on GSM8k (for GPT-2 and Llama 3.1 1B models), and Token Assorted (Su et al., 2025) which learns new token embeddings via a VQ-VAE, also training Llama 3.1 8B for math and logical reasoning tasks. Our LiteReason approach differs from these trained methods in a few ways. Firstly, we do not rely on a large dataset of reasoning traces like GSM8k-Aug (as such datasets do not exist for our tasks), instead exclusively using traces generated from the model itself. Secondly, we only train a lightweight Reasoning Projector for latent reasoning, not the entire model, as we hypothesize over-training the base-LLM for token-embedding generation may destabilize the model's token-generation capabilities. Thirdly, we allow interleaving of latent and discrete reasoning, hypothesizing that over the course of RL training the model will learn a useful balance between them. Finally, although many existing approaches compare against Chain-of-Thought prompting and a few of them incorporate RL into their approaches, to our knowledge none of them compare final performance against a non-latent RL-trained model. We believe this baseline to be a more realistic point of comparison for difficult tasks, so include it in our experiments as an upper bound on performance and compute. Narrative Tasks Although much reasoning work has focused on domains like math and coding, there is a large body of work applying LLMs to narrative understanding and generation tasks (Mostafazadeh et al., 2016; Fan et al., 2018; Huot et al., 2024; Yang et al., 2022, 2023; Huot et al., 2024; Xie and Riedl, 2024; Chhun et al., 2022; Karpinska et al., 2024; Sprague et al., 2023). Numerous studies on story generation prompt models to perform specific sub-tasks such as planning plot events or generating character details (Huot et al., 2024; Yang et al., 2023, 2022), which can be viewed as a way to elicit specific reasoning styles. However, these tasks are often very difficult to adapt to the RL domain due to their lack of verifiable rewards. We focus in this work on two specific tasks that evaluate narrative-based reason