- Root linear and angular velocities, represented in the character's local coordinate frame at the last timestep in a motion segment. - Local joint rotations. - 3D positions of end-effectors (e.g., hands and feet), represented in the character's local coordinate frame. To evaluate the effectiveness of SMP, we apply our framework to train policies for on a suite of challenging motion control tasks. In Section 8.1, we demonstrate the modularity of SMP by using a pretrained prior to train new control policies without requiring access to the original motion dataset. By training a single style-conditioned diffusion model on the 20-hour 100STYLE dataset, the prior can then be used to train policies to perform tasks in a variety of different styles, where each style-specific prior reward is obtained simply by conditioning the pretrained model on the desired style label. New styles can also be synthesized by composing the pretrained diffusion model when conditioned on different styles. In Section 8.2, we show that a single motion prior can be reused to train policies across diverse tasks, such as steering, target location, and dodgeball. In addition to controlling the behavioral style of the character, in Section 8.3 we show that SMP can also model human-object interaction priors. By training the diffusion model on human-object interaction data, SMP learns to jointly model both object and character motions, allowing agents to use human-like behavior to perform object interaction tasks. SMP also enables agents to learn robust and natural recovery behaviors, as demonstrated in Section 8.4. Similar to other distribution-matching objectives, the policies trained with SMP can synthesize new skills that are not explicitly present in the reference dataset. In Section 8.5, when trained on a 3-second walk-jog-run dataset, SMP automatically leads to the emergence of different locomotion gaits that enable a character to closely follow a wide spectrum of target speeds, as well as natural transitions between the various gaits. Finally, to benchmark SMP's effectiveness for motion imitation, we evaluate SMP on single-clip imitation tasks (Section 8.6). SMP is able to closely reproduce a diverse set of dynamic and acrobatic skills, achieving comparable motion quality to state-of-the-art adversarial imitation learning methods.