cold start node. We see that the performance of GraphMatch on cold start nodes is comparable to TextMatch, indicating the model's ability to default to using text embeddings where no graph information is available, mitigating the cold start problem. The real-time deployment architecture of GraphMatch consists of three main components: feature store, inference service, and graph database. This separation supports a shared, universal graph structure across various use cases while allowing individual GNN models to leverage customized node features. We implement node sampling using Cypher [7], letting callers define the node and edge types needed at inference. Feature Store. Node features are primarily aggregated statistics (counts, averages, etc.). Our data warehouse, Snowflake [30], stores clones of production relational databases and assorted business data. Feature tables are generated via hourly SQL Mesh [32] ETL jobs and maintained in Feast [6]. Since features update hourly, we define smart default values to handle missing features for entities present in the graph but not yet in the feature store. Graph Database. We host graph using Neo4j Aura [24] graph database. Two ETL pipelines update the graph: a near real-time Kafka [2] pipeline for highly dynamic entities like job posts and an hourly Airflow [1] batch pipeline for other entities. In the graph database, we store minimal node properties (type, ID, creation timestamp) to enable accurate subgraph sampling for inference. Inference Service. Model inference runs on a Python/FASTAPI [35] microservice. We deploy the model on EC2 instances with Nvidia A10G GPUs (24GB RAM). Requests per second drive autoscaling, as GPU/CPU utilization is less predictive of latency degradation as usage increases. To optimize model inference, we compute and cache TextMatch embeddings for nodes every time a freelancer profile or job post description is updated, effectively limiting online inference to only the GNN layers. This enables achieving average embedding generation latencies of less than 70 ms per embedding across all entity types, supporting horizontal scalability and unlocking near real-time use cases.