- We propose TACO, a test-time scaling framework for VLAs which retains the strong generalization capabilities of pretrained VLAs while effectively constraining outputs to the success modes of specific downstream tasks. - We introduce an efficient internal representation mechanism for pseudo-count estimation in CFN, enabling accurate measurement of distributional shift with minimal computational overhead. - We demonstrate that TACO significantly boosts the success rates of diverse VLA models across both simulation and real-world tasks without prolonged training time and can operate with low latency. Anti-exploration & Offline RL. In online RL (Sutton et al., 1999), the agent actively interacts with the environment to explore the state-action space (Yang et al., 2021). In contrast, offline RL learns a policy exclusively from a fixed, previously collected dataset, without further environmental interaction (Levine et al., 2020a; Rashidinejad et al., 2021). This setting poses significant challenges—even for off-policy methods—due to distributional shift between the behavior policy that generated the data and the target policy being learned (Wu et al., 2019). Specifically, the offline dataset reflects the visitation distribution of the behavior policy, which may differ substantially from that of the learned policy (Agarwal et al., 2019). This discrepancy can cause severe extrapolation errors when estimating values for out-of-distribution (OOD) state-action pairs (Kumar et al., 2020; Bai et al., 2022). A similar distribution shift arises during the SFT stage of VLAs, where the VLA model encode a broad and redundant action modes, whereas successful behaviors in downstream tasks typically occupy a much narrower region. Consequently, when sampling actions in flow or diffusion-based process, the policy may generate suboptimal behaviors (Lipman et al., 2023; Ho et al., 2020). In TACO, we employ an anti-exploration strategy (RezaEIFar et al., 2022; Nikulin et al., 2023) that imposes policy constraints to restrict the policy to stay close to the support of the success data distribution. Unlike conventional offline RL approaches that typically rely on uncertainty-aware or conservative penalties (Fujimoto and Gu, 2021; Kidambi et al., 2020; An et al., 2021), our method adopts a simple count-based mechanism (Ostrovski et al., 2017; Bellemare et al., 2016; Lobel et al., 2023), which is well-suited to the structure of VLA models and can operate without the value estimation (Kostrikov et al., 2022). Notably, count-based regularization has precedent in both classical RL and recent RLHF algorithms.