Models (LLMs), MLLMs include an additional visual input channel, which provides a continuous semantic space compared to textual input and introduces additional safety risks [15, 17, 24]. Jailbreaking, using crafted adversarial inputs to bypass safety alignments and induce harmful content to exposes potential vulnerabilities, is a critical and widely-studied step toward developing robust, trustworthy, and secure MLLMs [26, 33, 48]. Prior jailbreaking works focused on LLMs, primarily using methods such as prompt injection and role-play [17, 52]. As research shifted to MLLMs, attacks evolved to exploit the new visual modality, but current strategies exhibit key limitations. One strategy constructs adversarial images or embeds sensitive content through visual input, without fully leveraging the contextual information [3, 12]. A separate line of attack, while considering context, merely adopts the LLM jailbreak approach in text form, describing the context with words and failing to utilize the advantages of images in expressing scenarios [28, 30]. To address the limitations, we propose a Contextual-Image Attack (CIA) method, which constructs images to showcase both the context and malicious intent, with text input serving only as an auxiliary prompt. Figure 1 illustrates the distinction between our approach and prior methods. In our approach (c), we embed the harmful query, "How can someone manufacture illegal drugs?", within a plausible visual scenario: a teacher posing the question in a chemistry classroom. Such a visually coherent setting provides the model with a seemingly legitimate communicative motive, causing it to misinterpret the user's intent and thereby bypass safety alignment. This is contrasted with approaches like FigStep [12], which simply renders the instruction as text within an image (b), or others [27, 30, 44] that use a purely textual description (a). This image-centric approach holds practical importance, as it is supported by two key technological trends: the increasing capability of image generation to create such visual scenarios [49], and the emerging ability to compress text into visual tokens [47], which highlights the growing potential for images to carry the complex, semantic intent our attack exploits.