XAI explanations are expected to meet certain criteria. It is critical that 1) explanations are understandable to the explainer [Miller, 2019], and that 2) explanations are faithful to the explanandum, i.e. the model [Jacovi and Goldberg, 2020]. Understandability is receiver-dependent, but generally requires meaningful content and a concise presentation. Fidelity is evaluated with respect to the model to be explained, and any explanation must accurately reflect the model's behaviour. This includes no presence of bias, which for instance could be the result of strategically restricting the scope of explanation, etc. While understandability and fidelity are independent qualities of explanations, maximising each in isolation is not trivial. For instance, a challenge to be considered is that explanations that align with what is expected, may be perceived as more understandable. This introduces a preference for explanations that confirm prior beliefs, which results in bias if allowed to influence explanation selection. Moreover, a faithful, unbiased explanation that is misinterpreted will equally mislead the explainer. This work presents a causal XAI framework for post-hoc explanation of arbitrary models, aiming to facilitate both understandability and fidelity within a defined context. First, understandability is addressed through the argument that explanations should be causal in an understandable vocabulary. The requirement for explanations to be causal is based on this being argued the implicit structure of explanation employed in human communication [Miller, 2019]. Thus, ensuring causally valid explanations aids in aligning intended interpretation with actual interpretation. This in turn eliminates the need for additional instructions on how to interpret the explanation, allowing a more succinct representation. The requirement for understandable vocabulary emphasises the likely discrepancy between the set of data features that the model takes as input, and the set of features ideal for explanation. This distinction is the key foundation of a group of XAI methods collectively known as Concept-based XAI (C-XAI) [Poeta et al., 2025]. The central assumption of this approach is that while models are equally capable of processing information in the form of pixels, graphs and tokens, human communication typically assumes a vocabulary consisting of units corresponding to high-level, semantically meaningful concepts.