- We deconstructed the relevance task and summarized the required model capabilities based on the deconstruction results, providing clear and comprehensive guidance for subsequent iterations of relevance models in the industry. - We propose a complete methodology and documented practice that encompasses the entire pipeline from preliminary work such as model selection, to training paradigm, to capability evaluation. - During LORE's development, we explored various SFT and RL training strategies. Key findings that may benefit LLM fine-tuning in vertical domains are summarized as follows: 1. Data scaling law shows diminishing returns. Model performance grows rapidly initially but plateaus as data increases. (Section 3.3.3). 2. More features beat fewer. Providing stable and relevant information, even if redundant, can yield gains for the model (Section 3.2.1). 3. A concise prompt with essential information works best. Information-rich but verbose prompts do not necessarily yield improvements, whereas prompts with insufficient key information lead to degradation in model capability (Section 3.2.3). 4. Naive teacher CoT distillation results in negative effects. Direct teacher CoT distillation underperforms vanilla SFT due to distribution shift. (Section 6.1) 1. Curriculum learning still works. Curriculum learning strategies based on difficulty grading significantly outperform randomly ordered strategies.(Section 3.4.3) 2. Long CoT is not necessary for better performance. No significant increase in model output length was observed during the RL process, indicating that long CoT are merely a potential byproduct when the model's capability improves.(Section 6.2) 3. Entropy collapse rate caps model performance. In the early stages of training, the model rapidly trades entropy for performance gains. When entropy decreases to a certain level, the model's exploration capability becomes constrained, and subsequent room for improvement diminishes.(Section 3.4.3) 4. Smart strategies effectively slow entropy collapse. The report discusses several optimization methods including clip-higher, on-policy, and entropy loss, ultimately finding that clip-higher achieves optimal performance.(Section 3.4.3)