- Connecting Belief Entrenchment to Accuracy Loss. We find that belief entrenchment consistently predicts an accuracy drop in problem domains where ground truth labels exist (e.g., forecasting). This suggests that the Martingale Score serves as a proxy for reasoning quality, even in settings where the ground truth is unavailable or still unfolding. Bayesian Rationality in Language Models In the LLM context, to evaluate Bayesian rationality is to evaluate the capacity to incorporate evidence via in-context learning in a way that is consistent with Bayes's theorem. Gupta et al. [2025] presents that LLMs could follow Bayesian update when given a large amount of coin flips, despite a biased prior. However, more negative results appear in realistic settings with complex natural-language features: [Qiu et al., 2025a] demonstrated that LLMs do not update their beliefs of user preferences in multi-round interactions as expected by the Bayesian framework. [Falck et al., 2024] falsifies the hypothesis that LLM in-context learning is Bayesian. [Zhao et al., 2021, Wang et al., 2023] demonstrated that LLMs are sensitive to the arrangements of examples in prompts. Solutions are proposed to make the process of in-context learning or reasoning more Bayesian: mimicking the predictions of an ideal Bayesian reasoner [Qiu et al., 2025a], abstract reasoning [Zhou et al., 2024b], and combining abduction and deduction [Feng et al., 2024]. However, they tend to require auxiliary structures such as Bayesian networks, limiting their practical use. Cognitive Biases in Language Models and in Humans LLMs suffer from a variety of cognitive biases as they are trained on a large corpus of human data [Echterhoff et al., 2024]. They also appear to employ biases distinct from those of humans when being deployed as judges, such as position bias (favoring certain positions), morbidity bias (favoring long answers), sentiment bias (preferring positive expressions) [Ye et al., 2024], and certainty bias [Zhou et al., 2024a]. Among all the cognitive biases, confirmation bias is of our particular attention as it is believed to be the root of polarization [Atallah et al., 2021]. It is also hypothesized that most cognitive biases are variants of confirmation bias [Oeberst and Imhoff, 2023]. Given these, we focus our attention on confirmation bias and use belief entrenchment to operationalize it in the LLM context.