Except for Study 1, all simulated datasets successfully replicated the factor structure of their corresponding scale (H1). Similarly, M-CFA shows that simulated participants and real-world ones respond to the scales in comparable ways (H2). These results are in line with previous research on group-level simulated data (Argyle et al., 2023; Hewitt et al., 2024). Remarkably, Studies 3 and 4 achieve high levels of measurement invariance between datasets in comparison to Studies 1 and 2, possibly suggesting that scales developed from simulated subjects are more generalizable to human ones than the contrary. One possible interpretation is that, when responding, LLMs tend to interpret scale items using a more standardized "common semantic denominator," less influenced by randomness and biases due to study conditions and population characteristics. Therefore, factor structures extracted from simulated samples may be more semantically generalizable to external samples than those derived from real-world data. Further research should explore factors shaping differences in how LLMs and human subjects interpret and respond to questionnaire items. While CFA yields reliably positive results, simulated samples fail to replicate pairwise correlations (H3), the distribution (H4) and the variance (H5) of real-world samples. Taken together, these results indicate that although both datasets share the same factorial structure, their score distributions differ significantly across all measured dimensions. Therefore, group-level data and their dimensional structures are reliable enough to be used in pilot testing. However, individual-level simulated data are not suitable for this purpose. These limitations are in line with what has been observed by Petrov and colleagues (2024). It is worth noting that while Studies 2, 3, and 4 yield similar results, Study 1 shows remarkable differences. These can be imputable to a number of factors: first, the dimensional structure of this scale was determined using a different rotation (minres) than other scales, which may not have resulted in different responses (Sass & Schmitt, 2010). Second, this scale uses a 5-point Likert scale for responses, while others use a 6-point (Study 2), or a 7-point