Distribution matching offers an alternative to motion tracking by training controllers to imitate the broader behavioral distribution of a motion dataset rather than tracking reference motions frame-by-frame. Generative Adversarial Imitation Learning (GAIL) approximates this objective using a learned discriminator to distinguish agent's motions from dataset motions [Ho and Ermon 2016]. Adversarial Motion Priors (AMP) extend this idea to model flexible style objectives, enabling controllers to produce life-like behaviors for novel tasks that are not observed in the original dataset [Peng et al. 2021]. However, adversarial priors must be trained jointly with a specific policy for each new task, often requiring retraining and persistent access to the dataset. In contrast, our method achieves comparable performance to state-of-the-art adversarial imitation learning approaches by introducing a reusable and modular score-matching motion prior, which can even be shaped into stylistic priors beyond those contained in the original dataset. Diffusion Models for Control. Diffusion models' state-of-the-art performance across a wide range of domain has spurred growing interest in leveraging diffusion models for control. Given their ability to generate high-fidelity motion, a straightforward application is to use task-oriented diffusion models as motion planners [Ren et al. 2023; Serifi et al. 2024; Tevet et al. 2024; Xu et al. 2025]. These methods leverage auto-regressive motion diffusion models to predict target future trajectories, which are then executed by a low-level tracking controller. In addition to their use as motion planners, diffuse models have also been used to directly model controllers, enabling controllers to produce flexible multi-modal behaviors for tasks such as manipulation [Chi et al. 2023; Janner et al. 2022], and character control [Huang et al. 2024a, 2025; Truong et al. 2024; Wu et al. 2025b]. Unlike these prior methods that focus on incorporating diffusion models as components of a controller, our work aims to repurpose pretrained diffusion models as task-agnostic behavioral priors within an optimization objective. Our method utilizes diffusion models as a reward function that can be integrated into general reinforcement learning frameworks to guide policy learning via score distillation sampling.