- New Metric: Verifier Gain. Verifier accuracy alone provides an incomplete picture of verifier usefulness at test time. To address this, we derive verifier gain, a metric that simulates the improvement obtained from a verifier during test-time rejection sampling. We empirically study rejection sampling with verifiers and show that this theoretical formulation closely reflects empirical performance trends. - Self-Improvement, Intra-Family Improvement, and Cross-Family Improvement. We extensively compare performance improvements from self-verification, intra-family verification, and cross-family verification, finding that cross-family verification is often the most beneficial, particularly when compared to self-verification. We link these differences to similarities in the solution distributions of the solver and verifier: verifier gain decreases as these distributions become more similar. Our results suggest that as models become stronger, whether through increased scale, post-training, or simply higher solver accuracy, they become less effective as self-verifiers and more effective as cross-family verifiers. - Dataset Verifiability. We study whether tasks that are easy to solve are also easy to verify and whether some tasks are inherently more verifiable than others. We find that verification accuracy generally correlates with solver accuracy, though self-verification yields little verifier gain across all tasks. We also observe that a clear subset of tasks involving mathematical or logical reasoning consistently produces higher verifier gains. Verifiers. Broadly, verifiers can operate on the outcome level, by judging only the correctness of the final answer, or the process level, by judging the correctness of the intermediate reasoning steps. Weng et al. (2023), Wu et al. (2024), and Jiang et al. (2024) develop methods for outcome-level self-verification by predicting parts of the question conditioned on the solution. In order to reduce hallucinations, Dhuliawala et al. (2024) have language models fact-check their own generations by generating fact-check questions. Researchers have also trained general-purpose outcome level verifiers (Hosseini et al., 2024; Zhang et al., 2025; Cobbe et al., 2021) and value models (Yu et al., 2024), either independently or jointly with the solver (Shen et al., 2021; Sareen et al., 2025). Work on process-level verification has focused on deductively verifying