Cross-LLM Agreement We construct pairs of LLM judges (e.g., GPT-4o VS Gemini-2.5-pro, GPT-4o VS DeepSeek-v3) and see how much their belief evaluation correlates with each other. Note that we've acquired GPT-4o data for all problems but significantly less with other judges (from 283 problems with GPT-4.1-mini to 3,844 with DeepSeek-v3), so we set up GPT-4o as the default judge for all comparisons, in line with our choice of judge in the main experiments. Human-LLM Agreement We use a small batch of human evaluation data to validate the LLM judge (i.e., human-LLM consistency evaluation). Specifically, we request human evaluators to do belief evaluations exactly like what we request LLM judges to do; we then construct pairs of human-LLM judges (e.g., human evaluator 1 VS GPT-4o). Full results can be seen in Table 2. Considering results from both cross-judge consistency analysis and human-evaluation validation, it is highly unlikely that our belief entrenchment results stem from judge bias. In this paper, we propose the Martingale Score as a principled and unsupervised measure of belief entrenchment in LLM reasoning. We show, as validation, that the Martingale Score predicts the ground-truth accuracy of a reasoning process, and then apply it to a range of different models, prompts, and problem domains. We conduct analysis and identify a collection of factors that increase or alleviate the severity of belief entrenchment. Limitations In OpenReview, this study does not demonstrate the correlation between Martingale Score (belief entrenchment) and Brier Score (accuracy). We think this is because ground-truth labeling in domains such as OpenReview is community-voted (in this case, paper acceptance decisions), and community-voted decisions can be noisy [Beygelzimer et al., 2023]. However, Table 1 shows that belief entrenchment is a more severe phenomenon in domains where human judgments are required (such as r/ChangeMyView and OpenReview). This raises concerns over adopting such LLMs in those domains.