- Appearance of a target on the left or right side of the screen, leading the subject to open and close the corresponding fist until the target disappeared, followed by a period of relaxation. - Appearance of a target on the left or right side of the screen, prompting the subject to imagine opening and closing the corresponding fist until the target disappears, followed by a period of relaxation. - Appearance of a target at the top or bottom of the screen, prompting the subject to open and close both fists (if the target is at the top) or both feet (if the target is at the bottom) until the target disappears, followed by relaxation. - Appearance of a target at the top or bottom of the screen, prompting the subject to imagine opening and closing both fists (if the target is at the top) or both feet (if the target is at the bottom) until the target disappears, followed by relaxation. By focusing on specific channels and optimizing the feature extraction accordingly, we ensured that the data captured relevant motor and premotor brain activities for effective classification of the motor imagery tasks. of evoked responses that could bias data interpretation, we devised a targeted temporal analysis strategy. Our approach involved analyzing epochs that commenced one second post-stimulus, thereby excluding the immediate post-stimulus interval that is typically saturated with evoked responses. This shift allowed us to focus on the ensuing spontaneous brain activity. By emphasizing these more stable attributes indicative of the subject's sensorimotor state, our method enhances the accuracy of brain signal classification. Different combinations of data preprocessing techniques were applied before training the classical machine learning algorithms. First, we used signal processing methods such as Common Spatial Patterns (csp), widely used in EEG signal classification. In the context of EEG, CSP was first described by Koles et al.[62]. This technique is employed to extract and discriminate features by optimizing variance between two different motor imagery tasks or two different mental states[45,63,64]. This involves the transformation of EEG signals into a new vector space, where the variance of the associated signals, associated with one class (mental state or motor task) is maximized, while that corresponding to the other class is minimized. The goal of this method is to identify and apply spatial filters to highlight significant differences between several classes. CSP is a multi-stage process which begins with the calculation of covariance matrices for each EEG signal class. The covariance between two variables X and Y can be calculated using the following formula: