The concrete actions facilitate a smoother transition and are widely employed in various software development life cycles, particularly during SPLE migration. Many agile practices could be used to minimize the negative effects of migration adoption. For example, a Sprint Zero [Boe10] is a possibility to improve teamwork during the migration. This sprint contains different steps: The first step is building the working agreement, where we plan the agile rituals helping team work doing the migration. Then having a clear and common Vision is a prerequisite to be sure that all team members have understood the goal and the benefits of the SPL. The third step is building the persona, i.e., the different user profiles or the different developer profiles from the company, who are determined before starting the project to gain empathy and establish who will use it. The next step is building the Backlog by taking into consideration all the needed work. Then each task from the backlog has to be estimated and put in a road map. Planning recurrent retrospectives for the team to share their feeling is a way to improve team work. Some software engineering practices are useful to improve the project quality, like regular refactoring sessions to increase reuse practices and remove technical debt. These practices ensure a better quality code: first plan regular testing sessions to avoid bugs, planning acceptance testing sessions with the final users is also a good way to be sure that we are on the same wavelength. Constantly monitor the code execution is a possibility to keep the derived applications as efficient and scalable as possible. These concrete actions are of course general and can be applied to any software development setting, whether it is SPL-based or not. We see strengthened advantages in an SPL-based development setting, since the improved quality is embedded at the heart of the code base. This benefits the current applications, but will also benefit for future derived applications.