As we move more and more towards AI agents powered by Large Language Models (LLMs), ensuring their secure and safe use has become a top priority. This need becomes even more critical as we begin to deploy these models in multilingual and multimodal environments, where cultural and linguistic differences can introduce new types of risks. Safety guardrails, which aim to filter harmful, biased, or unsafe outputs, must now operate effectively across a wide range of languages and user contexts. Without such safeguards, the global deployment of LLMs can unintentionally cause harm or exclude large populations. Most existing research (Deng et al. 2025; Llama Team 2024) on LLM safety has focused on high-resource languages like English, Chinese, Spanish, German, French etc. However, the majority of the world's languages fall into the low-resource category, with limited training data and benchmarks available. This creates a significant gap in our ability to evaluate and enforce safety in multilingual settings. While some evaluation benchmarks (Röttger et al. 2024; de Wynter et al. 2025; Deng et al. 2024; Kumar et al. 2025) exist for testing robustness across languages, they are limited in scope when it comes to low-resource languages and do not reflect the linguistic diversity of global users. Furthermore, the development of a naturally occurring training dataset of low-resource languages for the development of multilingual guardrails with a focus on low-resource languages has been largely neglected. Recent efforts (Kumar et al. 2025; Jain et al. 2024; Wang et al. 2024) have curated multilingual training datasets for high-resource languages through the aggregation of naturally occurring and machine-translated data. However, it only scratches the surface of what is needed for truly inclusive safety systems. Another critical challenge with current safety guardrails is the huge computational cost. Most LLM-based guardrails are too large, slow, and resource-intensive to run on edge devices or low-power environments. Due to high inference time, these LLM-based guardrails face a significant hurdle to be deployed in production settings (Ghosh et al. 2025; Llama Team 2024). These challenges highlight the need for lightweight, parameter-efficient guardrails that can serve as robust defenses for both the LLM and the user against mali