All prompts were composed directly in the first language (L1) of the respective language teams, although the prompt creation interface was presented in English. This ensured that no translation occurred in the process of generating unscripted prompts. Once a language team member had navigated to the end of a specific domain path, they would then formulate the prompt in L1. Before commencing prompt creation, all language team members completed a brief sample project on the system to fully understand the task. Subsequently, each language team generated a minimum of 2,000 unscripted prompts upon comprehending the project requirements and objectives. The scripted prompts were sourced from culturally relevant and domain-specific materials, ensuring diversity in areas such as agriculture and health. These sources included: - Vukuzenzele [26], a government publication that offers information on public services. - Wikipedia (South African Languages), providing broad linguistic and thematic coverage. - African Wordnet [27], a vital lexical database to ensure vocabulary accuracy and support the development of various language technologies in South African languages. - Translated goatkeepers manuals (ARC animal health) [28], specialized content on animal health and agriculture. The initial cleaning and preparation of the data for prompts involved a structured pipeline designed to ensure high-quality text suitable for training ASR models. Each stage refined the data, removing irrelevant content, categorizing text into themes, and identifying or flagging Personally Identifiable Information (PII). Upon ingestion, initial quality control measures, including preliminary reviews for structural issues, were applied to these raw texts. The text was then filtered using language identification to retain only the target South African languages. While no strict confidence thresholds were applied, instances where the top-ranked language did not match the expected category were excluded. Confidence scores were retained as metadata.