Score Distillation Sampling. Pretrained diffusion models are not only capable of generating samples via a denoising process, but can also serve as optimization objectives through score distillation sampling (SDS) [Poole et al. 2022]. SDS has enabled pretrained image and video diffusion models to be adapted for a wide range of downstream generative modeling tasks [Jiang et al. 2024; Wang et al. 2023; Yin et al. 2024]. Inspired by the success of SDS in the vision domain, recent works have also explored incorporating diffusion-based priors into reinforcement learning frameworks for control. A series of methods replace the discriminator in a GAIL-style setup with a diffusion model [Huang et al. 2024b; Lai et al. 2024; Pang et al. 2025; Wang et al. 2024], leveraging its expressive capabilities to differentiate between real and fake trajectories. However, these methods still rely on adversarial training and typically require continual updates to the diffusion model during policy optimization. Beyond adversarial frameworks, other systems have attempted to apply SDS-like techniques directly to policy learning. For example, Luo et al. [2024] guide policy training using pretrained image or video diffusion models conditioned on text prompts. While these methods can produce behaviors that align with textual instructions, the resulting motions often appear unnatural. The work that is most reminiscent to ours is SMILING [Wu et al. 2025a], which train controllers using a score-matching objective similar to variational score distillation (VSD) [Wang et al. 2023]. However, unlike SMILING, which requires training task-specific diffusion models, our method trains a task-agnostic motion prior from unstructured motion data. This prior can then be reused to train diverse control policies by combining it with separate task objectives in a goal-conditioned reinforcement learning framework. We further introduce several key design decisions that enable high-quality naturalistic motions across a diverse repertoire of tasks.