Meanwhile, a growing line of research has sought to understand the training and inference behaviors of diffusion models, particularly on the balance between memorization (i.e., the tendency to reproduce training samples) and generalization (i.e., the ability to synthesize novel samples). Earlier works analyze this phenomenon from diverse viewpoints, such as by deriving quantitative metrics to characterize model behavior [11, 43] and by analyzing the underlying factors that lead to memorization/generalization [15, 32, 42]. In particular, most works primarily: (1) focus on the model behaviors when sampling from scratch, and (2) verify their findings on datasets of small scales/resolutions (e.g., FFHQ [16], CIFAR-10 [17]). While such insights can be informative in low-data regimes, such memorization behaviors become increasingly unlikely as the data scales to ImageNet-level [6] or beyond. Song et al. [35] recently observe the memorization/generalization divergence on ImageNet-scale diffusion models when resuming sampling from different temporal ranges. In general, resuming from an earlier timestep (near the prior) leads to novel samples, whereas later ones tend to reproduce training images. Hence, a key question arises: what underlying principles govern the balance between memorization and generalization in diffusion models trained on large-scale data? To address this, we trace the origin of model behavior back to its training objective. We first revisit flow matching (FM) [22, 23] and its gradient-equivalent proxy, conditional flow matching (CFM), where the former is generally regarded as intractable due to the unavailable ground-truth velocity field. In this work, we refine this conventional view by showing that the marginal velocity field of rectified flow admits a closed-form expression under a Gaussian prior and a finite training set (Sec. 2). This allows us to compute the oracle velocity (defined by the FM objective) at any location in the sample space. Through the lens of the oracle velocity field, the effective training target of flow-based diffusion models exhibits two distinctive stages (Sec. 3). In the early stage that is closer to the prior (termed as the navigation stage), the oracle velocity contains combined information of multiple data points, and guides the model toward a mixture of relevant data modes. In the later stage (termed as the refinement stage), the velocity field is dominated by a single data point. In addition, we identify data dimensionality and sample size as the two key factors for determining the point of stage transition over time.