We evaluate our KG-based pipeline using two complementary setups for data attribution in generative models<sup>7</sup>. First, we conduct controlled data removal experiments on a locally trained model to assess whether our method can identify influential training samples. Second, we investigate stylistic influence in a black-box setting using Ghibli-style image generations. We construct a "Ghibli World" KG from original movies and compare it against stylised images. These setups allow us to examine both direct attribution and broader stylistic traceability in generative models. To establish a fair and interpretable comparison, we reproduce the experimental setup proposed in a recent search-based influence framework [2], which also operates without access to training parameters. This method operates in two stages: (1) it retrieves training samples whose textual descriptions are most similar to the user's prompt, and (2) ranks them based on cosine similarity between these samples and the generated output, via their embeddings. The most similar training images are then removed and the model is retrained—allowing for an empirical test of their influence. We applied our graph-based method under the same conditions, using the same dataset, prompts, and generative model. Instead of relying on text and latent-space similarity, we retrieved influential samples based on the extracted KGs similarity. This setup allowed for a direct comparison between embedding-based and graph-based retrieval in terms of influence detection and interpretability. Generative Model. We used a small-scale generative model based on the open-source dalle-pytorch package<sup>8</sup>, trained on the Fashion Product Images [1]. This is a dataset of 44,000 fashion images with accompanying captions. We retained the same configuration and hyperparameters as the original baseline. This setup allowed us to maintain full control over the training data, making it suitable for experimentation with data removal and retraining.