48th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval (SIGIR '25), July 13-18, 2025, Padua, Italy. ACM, New York, NY, USA, 5 pages. https://doi.org/10.1145/3726302.3731944 E-commerce applications, such as Amazon, Taobao, and JD, have changed people's shopping habits significantly. The relevance module is crucial for the user experience, as displaying irrelevant products can harm trust and revenue for e-commerce systems. Therefore, relevance modeling, which evaluates the match between search queries and products, is a basic part of e-commerce engines. Traditional relevance models, such as term matching and vector matching methods, have been widely used in online e-commerce systems to ensure fundamental search experience. Term matching based methods apply TF-IDF, BM25 [14] and statistical features to compute the matching degree between query and product, but fail to capture semantic relevance and contextual understanding. Vector matching based approaches [10, 11, 19, 25] leverage BERT [3] and its variants [1, 7, 15, 23, 24] to understand the semantic relationships between queries and products and achieve remarkable improvement in relevance modeling. Despite the progress made, vector matching based methods still face two challenges when tackling domain-specific relevance modeling tasks: (1) The first challenge is the lack of domain-specific hard samples. Most existing methods can achieve satisfactory results by leveraging a moderate amount of manually annotated data. However, further performance improvements often require a substantial number of hard samples, which are not only difficult to obtain but also challenging to annotate accurately. (2) The second challenge is the models' insufficient reasoning and representation capabilities. Constrained by their parameter size, online lightweight models often struggle with complex reasoning and relevance discrimination. To enhance reasoning and comprehension capabilities, large language models (LLMs) have been increasingly applied to relevance modeling tasks [2, 8, 12, 17, 18, 20, 22]. However, most prior LLM approaches primarily utilize the representation of the last token for relevance classification and employ soft labels from the classification layer to distill knowledge into smaller online models. This discriminative paradigm is unable to intuitively analyze which features impact relevance decisions, nor can it enhance the reasoning capabilities of the online student models.