and settings of the entities in the story." When conceptualizing a story, users can start with an event as the starting point, and then shape the traits and development of the entities associated with the event; or they can take an entity as the centerpiece and pull out a series of events surrounding that entity [50]. E2 is a PhD student in literature. She believes that stories can be broken down into the following units: story outline, sequences, propositions, and parts of speech. By progressively combining these structural units in reverse order, people can ultimately make a coherent story [51]. "The parts of speech (such as a person, an action, or an attribute) can form a proposition. Several propositions can be organized into a sequence, and two or more sequences can ultimately constitute a complete narrative." However, mere concatenation of these units does not yield coherent stories. Accordingly, the elements that bind these units together function as distinct structural components, defined as relationships [52]. Analysis of semi-structured interviews with two domain experts revealed four foundational constructs: entity, event, relationship, and outline. These four units and their definitions align with ones proposed in previous work [53]–[56]. The specific definitions of these units are detailed in Table II. In discussions with the experts, we examined the attributes of each foundational unit, noting that each encompasses multiple interpretations. The foundational units of story structure are events; however, the constituent attributes of these events can be implicitly present in the narrative representation. Events possess a degree of relative autonomy within the narrative, and their interactional patterns construct the overall narrative tension and meaning. Similarly, the identity of an entity and the content of a relationship can influence the events within a story. However, the specific attributes of an entity's identity and the content of a relationship can also be independently categorized within their respective units.