of negative samples covers all potential active nodes. In Section 5, we show that the combination of random and adversarial negatives is required to surpass the performance of TextMatch. Contrastive Loss. We formulate the training objective as a cross-entropy loss where, for each query, the model must identify its corresponding positive candidate among all candidates in the batch: The encoder is initialized from publicly available E5-unsupervised checkpoints (small: 33M and large: 330M parameters), which are themselves results of advanced contrastive pretraining [39]. We use the same encoder weights for queries and candidates. The pre-fine-tuning stage utilizes dense interaction data of 110M samples based on weak signals such as clicks or saves and naturally occurring pairs of titles and descriptions. The fine-tuning stage uses more sparse but strong interactions, which show mutual interest between both sides of the marketplace, like interviews or a hires, combined with hard negatives based on the impressed but not interacted items mined from interaction logs. Training dataset. The dataset for GraphMatch contains one year of user interaction data from Upwork [37], with a 10/1/1 month temporal split for training, validation, and evaluation. The dataset consists of nodes representing freelancers, clients and job posts, and edges representing interactions such as posting a job by a client, job application, freelancer invitation, job interview, or contract start (see Figure 2). Freelancer and job post nodes are associated with textual features: profile overview and job description, respectively. All nodes contain additional numerical features specific to their type, such as freelancer hourly rate, client location, job post category, etc. Both text and numerical features can change over time. In total, there are approximately 9 million nodes with 32 million temporal versions of features and 62 million edges. We train GraphMatch on strong labels derived from contracts between freelancers and job posts.