Evaluation Metrics. To thoroughly evaluate the effectiveness of the Radiologist Copilot, we conduct both agent-level and task-level evaluations. For task-level evaluation of radiology reporting, we adopt natural language generation (NLG) and clinical efficacy (CE) metrics. The NLG metrics include BLEU-1 [18], ROUGE-L [13], METEOR [2], and BERTScore [25]. The CE metrics are used to measure clinical accuracy, including F1-RadGraph [5] and GREEN [17]. For agent-level evaluation of agentic tools, we use LLM-as-a-Judge [26], adopting OpenAI GPT-5.1 [16] as the LLM judge. The evaluation assesses the entire process that the agent handles the task, considering four dimensions (Analysis Process, Tool Selection, Action Planning, and Action Execution) with scores ranging from 1 to 5 (Poor, Fair, Moderate, Good, Excellent). Analysis Process evaluates whether the query analysis is thorough, logical, and complete; Tool Selection assesses whether the agent selects tools accurately and appropriately; Action Planning evaluates the reasonableness of the planned actions; and Action Execution assesses whether the agent successfully executes the planned actions. To comprehensively evaluate the effectiveness of Radiologist Copilot, we perform both agent-level evaluations of the agentic tools and task-level evaluations of liver radiology reporting, along with ablation studies on its core components. Agent-level Evaluation. To validate the overall process that the agent deals with tasks, Fig. 3 presents the LLM-as-a-Judge assessments. The figure shows the score distribution across four dimensions, with the majority of scores being 5 (Excellent), and most of the remaining scores being 4 (Good). These results demonstrate that the Analysis Process of the agent is thorough, logical, and complete; the Tool Selection is accurate and appropriate; the Action Planning is reasonable; and the Action Execution proceeds successfully. Furthermore, Fig. 4 illustrates the workflow of Radiologist Copilot in handling user queries, showing that the processes of action planning and action execution are coherent and efficient, ultimately generating a qualified radiology report. The entire process simulates the practices of radiologists and enhances clinical efficiency.