Hate speech recognition in low-resource languages remains a difficult problem due to insufficient datasets, orthographic heterogeneity, and linguistic variety. Bangla is spoken by more than 230 million people of Bangladesh and India (West Bengal). Despite the growing need for automated moderation on social media platforms, Bangla is significantly underrepresented in computational resources. In this work, we study Subtask 1A and Subtask 1B of the BLP 2025 Shared Task on hate speech detection. We reproduce the official baselines (e.g., Majority, Random, Support Vector Machine) and also produce and consider Logistic Regression, Random Forest, and Decision Tree as baseline methods. We also utilized transformer-based models such as DistilBERT, BanglaBERT, m-BERT, and XLM-RoBERTa for hate speech classification. All the transformer-based models outperformed baseline methods for the subtasks, except for DistilBERT. Among the transformer-based models, BanglaBERT produces the best performance for both subtasks. Despite being smaller in size, BanglaBERT outperforms both m-BERT and XLM-RoBERTa, which suggests language-specific pre-training is very important. Our results highlight the potential and need for pretrained language models for the low-resource Bangla language. The widespread usage of the internet has grown significantly over the past few decades, social media platforms have become much more popular worldwide. Improved access to the internet has allows people to express their thoughts and information online. The use of social media has been rising rapidly and does not appear to be slowing down<sup>1</sup>. Social media has become common in public discussion, but it allows people to spread hatred. Rapid increase in toxic and harmful content (hate speech) raises substantial safety concerns in these online platforms. Hate speech can be defined as harmful, offensive, or derogatory language targeting individuals or groups (Ishmam and Sharmin, 2019). As a result, automatic detection of hate speech has become an important Natural Language Processing (NLP) task. There has been a lot of development in hate-speech detection in high-resource languages such as English, while developments in low-resource languages such as Bangla (Bengali) are still limited (Subramanian et al., 2023). Such limitations is caused by the scarcity of high-quality annotated datasets and the complex linguistic properties of the language.