Fears are the concerns, the subjective negative feelings about migration, that are important to consider to reassure the actors. They are the perceived undesired possible consequences. When answering the first two questions related to the benefits, our interviewees highlighted fears induced by the risks they have identified. Two key questions that have indirectly supported fear identification are: - Do you see the interest of such an approach in the current processes of the company? - What do you think about a platform to develop (derive) similar software quickly? The 7 identified different fears are shown in Figure 4. We noticed that the main fears of ITs are Useless, Too complex and Resistance to change (see Table 7). Finally, the actors, whatever their role, asked for training and demonstration. They are willing to better assess the utility of an SPL on their process to understand and get into the new approach. Based on the identified current good practices, benefits, risks and fears, we provide here guidelines that we have identified to prepare and conduct the migration to an SPL. These guidelines were derived from the discussions and decisions made within the company. In this section, we present the expected results (Sect. 5.1), followed by how to exploit the current good practices (Sect. 5.2), how to encourage future possible benefits (Sect. 5.3), how to reduce risks (Sect. 5.4), how to reassure fears (Sect. 5.5), the concrete actions (Sect. 5.6), and finally, a discussion (Sect. 5.7). Before starting the interviews we asked ourselves which kinds of results could be expected. We thought persons with knowledge or affinity with reusability to be the most positive and interested persons. They should be motivated to instigate and encourage the project implementation. In our case, the developers with the highest level of experience provided more responses related to the mindset, while the developer with less experience focused more on technical aspects. However, this variation related to the experience is not significant, in terms of the quantity or quality of the provided answers.