Our empirical experiments are conducted for seven merging techniques: Linear (Wortsman et al., 2022), Karcher Mean (Grove and Karcher, 1973), SLERP (Shoemake, 1985), NuSLERP (Goddard et al., 2024), TIES (Yadav et al., 2023), DELLA (Deep et al., 2024), and Nearswap (Goddard et al., 2024). Utilizing these methods, we merge a bias-inverted model with a pre-trained LLM. Linear (Model Soups). Wortsman et al. (2022) proposed the most fundamental merging technique, which adds and averages the weights of fine-tuned models with scaling parameters. Through simple summation, it compactly integrates knowledge from multiple models, yielding consistent performance at low cost. Karcher Mean. Goddard et al. (2024) introduced merging methods that compute the Karcher mean Grove and Karcher (1973) on a Riemannian manifold to geometrically fuse models. Unlike Linear merging, the Karcher Mean considers the curved geometry of the parameter manifold, preserving performance in non-Euclidean structures. SLERP. Goddard et al. (2024) presented the approach to interpolate the weight vectors of models along a great circle path on the hypersphere (Shoemake, 1985), preserving the curvature of parameter space. SLERP constrains the path to the unit hypersphere, performing pairwise spherical interpolation. NuSLERP. Goddard et al. (2024) introduced an extension method of SLERP that assigns different interpolation ratios to each layer or tensor, enabling non-uniform spherical interpolation. By weighting critical layers more heavily, it balances local expertise with global stability, achieving strong performance with simple rule-based settings. TIES. Yadav et al. (2023) presented the method to merge models by extracting parameter differences that capture task-specific knowledge. Sparsifying these differences, TIES is an algorithm to reduce interference and better preserve each model's strengths. DELLA. Deep et al. (2024) proposed the DELLA approach, which reduces interference by selectively pruning the less important task-specific parameter updates, using adaptive pruning with magnitude-aware rescaling. It assigns higher keep probabilities to larger-magnitude parameters within each row, improving retention of important weights and matching original model performance.