We have no a priori knowledge about the factors that we measure, except that the measurements are continuous and have finite mean and variance. Therefore, we model energy consumption as a Gaussian distribution (see Eq. 1), since this distribution does not add other assumptions and is a convenient choice for further modelling operations because it reduces the need for more complex calculations compared to other distributions, speeding up the analysis of our model. Furthermore, we use a multi-level model (Section 2) with a non-centered parameterization, an optimization that increases our model's efficiency and convergence rate without hindering the result's validity. + \gamma_ {d a t a t y p e [ i ]} + \delta_ {d e v i c e [ i ]} We implement our methodology in Java 21, but the methodology is viable for any statically typed JVM-based programming language. We focus on a subset of Java (see Tab. 1) to assess our methodology's viability. All Java source code statements are translated to Java bytecode by OpenJDK 21.0.6's javac compiler. To mitigate external noise and to ensure that the energy measurement are the WCEC, we control several factors that can affect the energy consumption: For the Java runtime system, we disable dynamic class unloading and JIT compilation (executing in interpreted-only mode). For the execution platform, we fix the CPU frequency to its lowest setting, 1.5GHz, and disable the wireless networking hardware. The benchmark harness consists of 174 microbenchmarks. Each microbenchmark is parameterized by operation, data type, and data size. For the data types, we profile 32- and 64-bit integers (int and long) and floating-point (float and double) data types and reference data types for array and objects. Table 2 summarizes the data sizes and Table 1 describes all operations, where each operation may have a differing amount of Bytecode patterns, e.g., we model three Bytecode patterns for additions on int, long, double, and float (one for each data size), for a total of 12 addition operation patterns. The array and objects differs from operations on primitive data types. Where we model one array per primitive data type of size one. For objects we model objects from classes and static nested classes, both including four fields, one per primitive data type.