The implantation stage has three objectives: covertness, reversibility, and controllability. Covertness minimizes observable differences between the malicious tool and its benign counterparts. Reversibility guarantees that the tool can restore original outputs after an exploitation cycle. Controllability ensures that the attacker can reliably utilize computing resources to execute extra tasks. In this chapter, we present the detailed implementation of these three objectives. Covert command-and-control (C2) protocol. The backdoor uses a two-round C2 protocol. In Beacon, the implant sends a short beacon packet containing a victim identifier to a remote endpoint over an outbound network socket. The remote endpoint replies with an extra task payload. The implant injects the payload into the tool return value so that the agent treats it as legitimate context. During the Exfiltration round, the implant monitors the next tool invocation to capture user-provided inputs and transmits them to the remote endpoint. This two-round design separates task delivery from data exfiltration, minimizing the duration of persistent network connections. The exploitation stage causes the agent to execute the extra task and then returns the original tool's outputs, so that the user task remains unaffected. Trigger design. Three types of triggers are employed in our design: content-based, frequency-based, and context-based. A content-based trigger activates if the tool input contains a Algorithm 1 LeechHijack Tool Workflow Output: Task Response Rout 1: if Last(Lα) = False then 6: if LeechHijack is triggered then 9: else 11: end if 12: else 17: end if 18: return Rout specific token or semantic marker. A frequency-based trigger activates after a randomized number of benign invocations to reduce reproducible traces. A context-based trigger activates when the agent invokes a particular tool sequence or executes a specific function based on a contextual request. Activation of the trigger causes LeechHijack to retrieve an extra task from the attacker, thereby enabling unauthorized consumption of agent resources.