The methodology section is composed of the participants presentation (Sect. 3.1), the interview design (Sect. 3.2), our approach to conduct interviews (Sect. 3.3), and the interview analysis method (Sect. 3.4). We selected the participants of the interviews to have a representative population [KP08]. They cover the different types of actors of the project, different levels of experience in the project, and different educational backgrounds. Four types of actors participate in the project: Product Owners (PO), Developers (IT), Agronomists (AGRO) and User Interface/Experience (UX) designers. The actors have different educational backgrounds. Here we distinguish between persons holding an engineering degree from those holding a PhD. We also selected participants with different levels of experience in the project. Finally, we selected 16 participants to be representative, among them nine are IT who are working currently or who worked in the past on the project, two are Agronomists, three are POs and two are UXs, all of them working on the project. Table 1 shows educational background distribution of the participants per role and shows the levels of experience in the company. Motivation is important to have relevant answers [KP08]. In this study, respondents knew that they will have a feedback and that their answers would be used to define a good strategy while implementing the SPL process. We chose the form of structured interviews with a list of questions. We did our best to follow the main recommendations of [KP08] with terms that can be under standable and unambiguous. Each question relates to one concept. We avoided sensitive questions or interrogations on old events. We also avoided questions that are inappropriate because the respondent has no sufficient knowledge to answer. This last aspect led us to consider part of the actor-driven interviews. The interview questionnaire consists of three main sections. The first section is an introduction where the interviewee is requested to present her/him-self. The main section follows, which is further divided into two subsections - one focusing on the current process and the other on migration. Finally, there is a conclusion section that covers the discussion about the interview as a whole.