Energy consumption is a growing concern in several fields, from mobile devices to large data centers. Developers need detailed information on the energy consumption of their software to mitigate consumption issues. Previous approaches mainly have a broader focus, such as on specific functions or complete programs, instead of source code statements. Additionally, they primarily focus on estimating the CPU's energy consumption with point estimates, thus disregarding other hardware components' energy consumption and limiting their use for statistical reasoning and explainability. We have created a novel methodology to address the limitations of only measuring the CPU's consumption and using point estimates, where we focus on predicting the energy usage of statically typed JVM-based programming languages, such as Java, Kotlin, or Scala. We measure the energy consumption of bytecode patterns, the translation from a specific programming language's source code statement to its Java bytecode representation. With the energy measurements, we construct a statistical model. Unlike prior approaches based on frequentist statistics, we create our model via Bayesian statistics, which allows us to predict the expected energy consumption through a statistical distribution and analyze individual contributing factors. The model includes three factors we can obtain statically from the code: data size, data type, operation, and one factor about the hardware platform the code executes on: device. To validate our methodology, we implemented it for Java, focusing on Java's bytecode patterns, and evaluated its energy predictions on previously unseen programs. We observe that all four factors are significant, notably that two devices of the same model may significantly differ in energy consumption and that the operations and data types cause significant consumption differences. The experiments also show that the energy prediction of programs closely follows the program's real energy consumption, further validating our approach. Our work presents a methodology (not a tool) to construct an energy model that future work, e.g., energy-aware program analysis or verification tools, can use as their energy estimations.