of 114 tokens. Thus, both test sets provide further support for the suggested parameter settings resulting from the previous experimentations. This paper discussed how functional and content categories can be acquired by a computational multi-agent language acquisition laboratory involving an adult language model, Delilah, and a daughter agent. The daughter language model has been constructed for the purpose of the MODOMA and employs explicit graph representations of the acquired grammatical knowledge to generate and parse utterances, which become more specific as a result of language acquisition. Conversely, Delilah consists of a parser and generator that have been independently developed by Cremers and Hijzelendoorn (1995/2024a) to implement a grammar model of Dutch, and employs this model to output and parse utterances (cf. Cremers et al. 2014, for an elaborate discussion of the attributes underlying this language model). Thus, the MODOMA framework requires taking a new approach to research with respect to Delilah: in addition to constructing and improving Delilah to produce utterances and provide parses, the properties of the output of Delilah should be studied as well to enable the daughter to detect the patterns needed for acquisition. To this end, analyses and techniques from for instance the fields of linguistics, psycholinguistics, and corpus linguistics could be applied to gain further insights in the machine-generated output of this language model similarly to how they have been applied to human-generated language data. Taking into account the current rise of applications of large language models, evaluating whether machine-generated language exhibits similar patterns to language produced by humans has become increasingly relevant. This paper provides the results of experiments exploring this approach. Interestingly, the collection of Delilah utterances generated during the conversation with the daughter agent contains independent exemplars while corpora typically form a cohesive collection of subsequent sentences. Nonetheless, similar patterns corresponding to grammatical phenomena can be detected with respect to both types of linguistic data. This might indicate that these patterns are rather a characteristic of the individual utterances contained in these collections than of the corpora. Crucially, the study presented by this paper reveals that the patterns regarding the divergent frequency distributions of content and functional categories, which are well-established for human language data in the corpus linguistics literature (cf. Powers 1998) are also found in Delilah's output. As Delilah is not configured to reproduce these statistical patterns in its output utterances, the found distribution is a consequence of the specified grammar model.