Reasoning has become a popular paradigm for improving LLM performance across tasks. Originally introduced through prompting methods such as Chain-of-Thought (Wei et al., 2022), which has models generate intermediate tokens (traces) before the final answer, reasoning has since evolved toward RL-based approaches that refine the ability of models to generate high-quality reasoning traces. Tasks in domains where answers can be verified, like math and coding, have seen significant improvement from RL training using the verifier as a reward signal (Shao et al., 2024; Lambert et al., 2025). Recent work has begun extending RL methods to non-verifiable domains like story generation and understanding (Ahuja et al., 2025; Gurung and Lapata, 2025). However, performance gains from RL often come at increased cost during inference and training as reasoning traces become longer (Shen et al., 2025a). This has motivated efforts to improve the efficiency of reasoning, aiming to speed up both RL and inference-time generation (Sui et al., 2025). One such effort is latent reasoning, which produces traces formed of continuous token embeddings instead of or in addition to discrete tokens. The justification for these latent reasoning methods is twofold: firstly, many tokens are perceived not to contain information useful for predicting the answer; secondly, human reasoning is often done implicitly without verbalization. Keeping thoughts in a non-token space affords flexibility, allowing us to retain more information than lossily decoding to tokens. For example, Hao et al. (2025) argue that continuous embeddings can represent a mixture of reasoning steps, which effectively approximates performing several reasoning rollouts in parallel. In this work, we introduce LiteReason, a latent reasoning algorithm designed for narrative understanding and generation tasks, where both inputs and outputs often span thousands of tokens. LiteReason adds a Reasoning Projector head to a base LLM, allowing the generation both of text tokens via discrete sampling and of continuous embeddings via latent reasoning mode. This mode is activated by the production of a special start-of-thought symbol. (See Figure 1 for a schematic illustration.) After pretraining the Reasoning Projector, we perform RL fine-tuning of the base