structuring in printed PV [28, 29, 30, 31, 32]. The PF model is a continuum mechanics approach that simulates the kinetic evolution of a possibly multiphase and multimaterial system towards its thermodynamic equilibrium [33, 34, 35, 36, 30]. PF simulations handle the length scales (from nanometers to microns) and time scales (up to seconds or even minutes) that are relevant for the BHJ formation of solution-processed solar cells with tractable computational effort [33, 34, 35, 36]. Thereby, the thermodynamic properties of the studied PV system are encoded in a Gibbs free energy functional. Our method handles physical processes involved in the BHJ formation, in particular solvent evaporation, liquid demixing, and crystallization [28, 29, 30, 31, 32]. The forces driving the system towards its thermodynamic equilibrium are derived from the Gibbs free energy functional. The kinetics of phase changes (both evaporation and crystallization) are described by Allen-Cahn equations coupled to Cahn-Hilliard equations describing diffusive mass transport. During all the simulation steps, we ensured that the PF model is coupled to a fluid dynamics solver, which takes advective mass transport into account. See the Supporting Information Section S2 for details of the simulation method. Using the calculated material properties, optical simulations analyze the light propagation in solar cells. Depending on the complexity of the considered solar cells, either numerical optical simulations (e.g., COMSOL Multiphysics, JCMsuite) or analytical methods, such as the transfer matrix method [41], can be used. We model the solar cell as a stack of stratified isotropic media and use a To enable differentiable modeling of the optical response, a surrogate ML model is employed to approximate the charge generation rate obtained from scattering matrix simulations. Specifically, a neural network is trained to predict the generation rate as a function of incident angle, photoactive layer thickness, and wavelength. Further details on the neural network surrogate model are provided in the Supporting Information Section S3.