image features (e.g., for occluded joints) and global context (e.g., cues from inter-joints, inter-hands, hand-object, or the scene). Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are widely used as backbone architectures in 3D HPE, with ResNet-50 [26] being particularly popular [31, 32, 37, 38, 46, 49, 55, 73]. These CNN backbones rely on convolution operations with a local receptive field, providing a favorable balance between accuracy and inference speed. However, these local convolutions have a limited ability to capture global context. Another line of recent studies leverages the vision transformer (ViT) [12] as a feature extractor for handmesh reconstruction [11, 52, 80], but its higher computational complexity often becomes a bottleneck in practical scenarios. This suggests significant room for improvement in backbone architectures to achieve better feature learning of hand poses efficiently. As an emerging foundational architecture, Mamba [20] based on state space modeling (SSM) has garnered considerable attention, which was originally proposed for natural language processing. The Mamba model excels at selectively focusing on input tokens (i.e., emphasizing particular signals), thus efficiently capturing global context from long token sequences. Several recent studies have extended it to image backbones. For example, VisionMamba [81] introduced the Vim block, which employs a 2D bidirectional scan for spatially-aware sequence modeling. VMamba [40] further proposed the VSS block based on four different scanning paths. However, these scanning mechanisms employ a fixed grid as illustrated in Figure 1(a), which limits their ability to capture intricate hand pose variations when applied to 3D HPE. Given this limitation, we introduce an effective and efficient backbone, Deformable Mamba (DF-Mamba), with deformable state space modeling (DSSM) that encourages robust visual feature extraction in 3D HPE. The core idea of DF-Mamba is to perform feature extraction by dynamically modeling local features and global context with flexible state spaces. Specifically, our DSSM blocks aggregate the local features according to a deformable path and selectively store useful cues to represent the global context. The scanning path is adjusted with deformable point sampling with local anchors and learnable offsets dependent on the given input features as illustrated in Figure 1(b).