To get around these problems, some methods don't depend on specific models and compare the outputs they make with the training data using a common space. This usually involves features from pre-trained encoders. These methods work well and can handle a lot of data, but they use vector representations that are hard to understand. Some new work, like LatentExplainer, tries to fix this by changing latent variables and using language models to explain what these changes mean. But these methods still work in a way that's not clear to users. Unlike these complex methods, we use automatically made Knowledge Graphs (KGs) to see how data influences things. By comparing generated and training images using shared triples that include objects, attributes, and style elements, we make it easier to understand and align with human thinking. Large Language Models (LLMs) are now key in modern KG processes, helping to make sense of unstructured data. They mainly help in three ways: making subject-predicate-object triples from regular text, helping create ontologies, and turning natural language questions into graph queries. For making triples, methods like AutoKG can turn text into triples that fit with ontologies. Beyond just making triples, LLMs help in learning and expanding ontologies using techniques like prompt engineering and reusing ontologies. In answering questions, LLMs can turn user questions into SPARQL queries, and this gets better by using contextual KGs or controlled natural languages to make things clearer. Surveys on making generative KGs show a move from old-style pipeline setups to new, LLM-driven systems. These systems do better at recognizing entities, extracting relations, and filling in graphs compared to traditional methods. These improvements in making KGs offer a good base for solving data attribution issues in generative models. Instead of using hard-to-understand embeddings or parameters, structured outputs from multimodal LLMs can create understandable KGs that capture important parts of both generated and training data and track influences. Even though most work has been on text, these methods could also be used for images, even though images are more complicated.