You can find more results in Appendix Figure 13 and Figure 14, and all the detailed comparison results are in Table 4. In Experiment 2, we found that using just one system prompt could make the performance better for all the languages we tested. This shows that the model's behavior changed in a systematic way. To understand how the model's output changed, we looked at the reasoning steps and checked how changes in reasoning relate to performance in different languages. Does making the prompt better change which language the model prefers? We started by looking at the languages used in the reasoning steps the model made. Figure 7 shows that even with the same random prompts, the model prefers different languages depending on the language of the question. These changes match up with how much training data is available for each language. For example, because there's a lot of Chinese data in model families like Qwen, the model answers Chinese questions in Chinese almost as much as it does in English. After making the prompts better, these language preferences are even stronger: the model mostly answers in the language of the question instead of defaulting to English as it did with the system prompt. But for languages with less training data, like Hindi, the amount of English responses stays about the same after making the prompts better. Also, we found that languages other than the task language and English don't really help the model, as they almost disappear after making the prompts better. You can find more about language identification in Appendix A.9, and more data is in Table 6 and 7. In Figure 8, we looked at the types of reasoning behavior across different languages. While the overall patterns are mostly the same, some languages have specific preferences. For example, English tends to Reframing, Chinese to Logical Reasoning, and Spanish to calculation. On the other hand, languages with less training data like Hindi show more of the Other category, which suggests they didn't get much structured reasoning practice during training. Even though these trends are consistent, they seem less about prompt design and more about language-specific patterns in model pretraining.