People are using reasoning more and more to make large language models (LLMs) work better on different tasks. At first, this was done by getting models to think step-by-step, like in Chain-of-Thought methods (Wei et al., 2022), where the model writes out its thought process before giving an answer. Now, people are using reinforcement learning (RL) to help models get better at creating these thought processes. This has been especially helpful for tasks like math and coding, where you can check if the answers are right. In these cases, RL uses a system that rewards the model when it gets things correct (Shao et al., 2024; Lambert et al., 2025). Lately, researchers have started trying RL in areas where you can’t easily check answers, like writing stories or understanding them (Ahuja et al., 2025; Gurung and Lapata, 2025). The problem is that using RL can make the process slower and more expensive because the models have to do more thinking, which takes time (Shen et al., 2025a). So, people are working on ways to make reasoning faster and more efficient, both during training and when the model is being used (Sui et al., 2025). One idea is called latent reasoning, where the model creates thoughts in a more compact, coded form instead of writing everything out in words. The reason for this is that not all words are needed to figure out the answer, and humans often think without saying everything out loud. By keeping thoughts in this coded form, the model can hold onto more information without losing details by turning it into words. For example, Hao et al. (2025) say that these coded thoughts can combine multiple steps of reasoning at once, which is like solving several parts of a problem at the same time. In this work, we’re introducing LiteReason, a new way of doing latent reasoning that’s meant to help with tasks like understanding and writing stories, where the input and output can be really long. LiteReason adds a special part to the model, called a Reasoning Projector, which lets it create both regular text and these coded thoughts. The model switches to this coded thinking mode when it sees a special symbol that tells it to start thinking. (There’s a diagram in Figure 1 that shows how this works.) After setting up the Reasoning Projector, we use RL to fine-tune the model.