We tested how different prompts affect how strongly a model sticks to its initial beliefs and how accurate it is. A prior-conforming prompt makes the model stick to its starting belief more, acting as a kind of baseline for how much it holds onto its beliefs and how accurate it is. On the other hand, a critical-thinking prompt makes the model more open to changing its mind when it sees new evidence. All the prompts we used are listed in Appendix C. In this part, we share what we found. First, we show that when a model holds onto its beliefs too strongly (measured by something called the Martingale Score), its accuracy drops, which backs up the idea that belief entrenchment is a problem. Then, we tested different models and setups to see what causes belief entrenchment, like the type of model, the prompts used, and how the reasoning process works. We also checked if using large language models (LLMs) as judges is valid. We noticed that belief entrenchment is worse in areas with subjective topics, like r/ChangeMyView, compared to more objective areas like Forecasting. This suggests that belief entrenchment is a bigger issue in areas where it’s harder to measure the model’s accuracy. We also tried to change how much the model sticks to its beliefs by using the two types of prompts. We found that belief entrenchment was worse with the prior-conforming prompt and less of an issue with the critical-thinking prompt in Forecasting, but this didn’t hold true for r/ChangeMyView or OpenReview. More details about what affects belief entrenchment are in Appendix B. We also show that belief entrenchment hurts accuracy because the goal of reasoning in LLMs is to get to the truth. We tested this in areas where we have correct answers to compare to, like Forecasting and OpenReview. Metrics like the Brier Score show how well a model performs, but they don’t explain why it performs well. That’s why we also looked at reasoning metrics. We found that higher Martingale Scores (which show more belief entrenchment) are linked to worse Brier Scores in Forecasting, meaning belief entrenchment is one of the reasons LLM reasoning can fail.