Software product lines are a common way to make software that can be customized in different ways. Basically, it's like a supply chain for software, made up of different parts. There are models that show what features a product can have and how you can mix them together. There's also a collection of software pieces that make these features work. Tools in the software product line help pick features to create a specific setup and then build the actual product by putting together pieces from the collection. This method is useful when you need to make a lot of different setups. It's not easy for a company to plan this when they're starting with a new type of product. So, many companies first create a group of similar software systems before they decide to switch their development process to a product line. Even though there are successful examples in the literature, changing an existing software group into a single product line platform is still tough, and companies might be hesitant to try it. They often worry because there aren't clear steps to follow and they're not sure if the benefits are worth the cost. So, even if companies have a lot of well-documented code, they still make custom applications manually from the base code to meet their clients' needs, often using a method called clone-and-own. Our partner, ITK - Predict and Decide, is a small to medium-sized enterprise with 120 people working there, including 19 agronomists and 29 developers, with 2 UI/UX designers and 4 system administrators. About a third of the employees are tech-focused. The company uses an agile approach to develop its systems, and their development and delivery process works well. They make applications that help farmers make decisions by letting them predict plant and animal diseases and crop outcomes. The main part of these applications is a set of simulators made by the agronomists. Then the IT teams add more code to gather data from IoT devices or online services to feed the simulators and show the results on dashboards. The back-end of the software is built with Kotlin, and the front-end is made with Angular, using Typescript a lot.