Advanced reinforcement learning techniques use domain randomization and reward shaping to deal with differences between simulations and real life. Tobin and others in 2017 showed that domain randomization helps robots learn tasks in simulations that they can then do in real life. Grzes and Kudenko in 2010 worked on reward shaping to make learning faster in situations with multiple agents. These methods make robots better at handling changes in their surroundings, especially in construction. But they need a lot of computer power and careful tweaking of settings, which is tough to do quickly in construction sites where things change a lot. Also, it's hard to understand and check the decisions these learned policies make. This issue led to using game theory, which gives a way to model how autonomous agents interact with each other. Martin and others in 2023 used game theory to figure out how to assign tasks to multiple robots, using Shapley values to see what each robot contributes. Their method worked well and allowed for a detailed look at how stable and balanced the solutions were. However, game theory is still hard to understand when it comes to how decisions are made and assumes agents always act logically, which isn't always true in unpredictable construction settings. Plus, it needs exact utility functions, which are hard to define for complex construction jobs. Despite these improvements, all AI and learning-based methods have big problems when used in construction coordination that needs decisions to be explained. The complex nature of deep learning and game theory models makes it hard to see how coordination decisions are made. People managing construction need to understand and check these decisions for safety and project management. This challenge led to looking into using Large Language Models (LLMs) for coordination, as they can explain their reasoning in natural language and make decisions clear. LLMs are changing how multiple robots work together because they understand language, reason in context, and make decisions that adapt to new information. Unlike methods that need every detail of a problem, LLMs allow for more natural interaction between humans and robots and help make decision-making clearer.