We tested a bunch of methods like RL-Trained, Mixture-of-Inputs, CoLaR, and LiteReason to see how they perform. For this, we used Qwen 2.5 7B-Instruct to create chapters based on plans from each method and then compared them by having people pick between pairs of results. We analyzed the results using a specific model to figure out which method was stronger, and you can find more details in Appendix E. First, we tested how these methods worked on two tasks, Flawed Fictions and NCP, and the results are in Table 4. We also compared LiteReason with two baseline models, both based on Qwen2.5-7B-Instruct: one was a simple prompted version, and the other was trained with reinforcement learning (RL). Neither of these baselines used any advanced reasoning features. LiteReason without reasoning prompts (RP), which skips reasoning steps, actually made the reasoning process longer and performed worse than the RL-trained baseline. Table 7 has more comparisons showing what happens when you use or don’t use implicit-thought prompts on different models. We also looked at how often "latent thoughts" were used during training to see if RL training made them more or less likely. At the start of RL training, latent thoughts were used more, but this dropped off later. Future work could try to encourage latent reasoning by tweaking prompts or increasing the chances of using certain markers. Overall, LiteReason only improved performance a little (0.8% on Flawed Fictions and 58% on NCP), probably because it works similarly to the RL-trained baseline but explores reasoning paths the base model wouldn’t. The training-free methods, like Mixture-of-Inputs (MoI) and Soft Thinking, performed close to the untrained model. On the NCP task, Soft Thinking did slightly better than the baseline but used more tokens, while MoI did worse and used fewer tokens. On the Flawed Fictions task, the differences from the baseline were small and within the margin of error. More research is needed to make training-free methods consistently better and more efficient across different tasks and reasoning styles.