Modern market systems are better at growing, changing, and handling problems than centralized ones. Botelho and Alami in 1999 came up with auction systems that help assign tasks competitively, and Gerkey and Matario in 2002 showed that auctions can spread out tasks well while keeping things coordinated. Lately, people have worked on how to deal with communication issues by using smart bidding methods even when connections are weak (Ferri et al. 2017, Quinton et al. 2022). But, auction methods might not always find the best overall solution because local bidding can mess up coordination when tasks are linked in complicated ways. In construction, jobs need to be done in a certain order, and auctions have trouble with these timing issues, which are important for planning projects. This led to looking into structured optimization methods. Dynamic programming offers other ways to optimize for decisions made in steps. Bellman in 1962 set up the basic ideas for finding the best solutions for problems with certain properties. However, dynamic programming can get too complex when there are too many possibilities, making it hard to use for big problems. Construction projects have lots of robots doing many tasks that depend on each other, making it too hard to compute in real-time. So, researchers looked into metaheuristic methods to handle big, complicated problems. These methods use ideas from evolution to find solutions. Genetic algorithms are good for dealing with complex problems and constraints without needing a full math setup (Jones et al. 2010, Al-Omeer and Ahmed 2019). Swarm intelligence methods work well for coordinating big teams of robots (Chen et al. 2022, Lim and Isa 2015, Wang et al. 2012, Blum 2005). But, metaheuristic methods don't promise the best solutions and are costly in terms of computing power, needing many tries to get a good enough answer. In construction, where things need to change quickly, the time it takes for these methods to work is just too long.