Researchers have looked into how communication develops using systems with multiple agents, focusing on how language might have evolved. One well-known example is the Talking Heads project, created by Steels in 2000 and 2015. This project shows how language can evolve when agents interact and refer to things in their environment without using language at first. These agents create their own artificial language by playing games, like naming objects around them (Steels 2001; see also Steels and Kaplan 2001, Steels and Loetzch 2012 for more on naming words). More recently, the project has also explored how syntax, or sentence structure, might emerge and be learned (Steels and Beuls 2017, Steels et al. 2018, van Trijp 2016). Compared to the MODOMA project, a key difference is that in the Talking Heads project, both agents are involved in creating and learning the language, whereas in MODOMA, the focus is on one agent learning a piece of a natural language. Also, the Talking Heads agents learn an artificial language, not a natural one. Alishahi has done studies on how language is learned by using algorithms on datasets that are either made by humans or generated artificially. These studies (Alishahi and Chrupala 2009, 2012; Alishahi and Stevenson 2008) look at how categories of words, word meanings, and basic sentence structures are learned. Matusevych et al. (2013) worked on improving artificial input that mimics interactions between children and adults, similar to data from the CHILDES database (MacWhinney 2014). However, unlike MODOMA, their algorithm for learning language doesn’t actually join in the conversation. Beekhuizen et al. (2014) took a different approach by studying how grammatical patterns are learned using a single agent that processes representations of sentences and their meanings. Lastly, Conner et al. (2008, 2009) worked on the Baby SRL project, which looks at how algorithms can learn to label the roles of words in a sentence by using data from the CHILDES database or made-up sentences.