Initially, the researchers ensured the absence of duplicate cases and questions to maintain sample independence, followed by data cleansing. Samples lacking questions or options, and those containing figures or tables, were eliminated. Manual verification was conducted to rectify errors from optical character recognition (OCR), ensuring textual accuracy. In handling clinical data, patient names and other identifiable details were either removed or anonymized to uphold privacy and ethical standards. The Ethics Committee at Xiyuan Hospital granted approval for the utilization of clinical cases in this study. Syndrome Differentiation and Treatment (SDT) is integral to Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) diagnosis and treatment, encapsulating syndrome differentiation and treatment formulation. To assess the model’s capabilities, a 14-part evaluation framework was devised, incorporating syndrome and causation, as delineated in Table 1. TCM experts initially annotated the answers and options, followed by peer-review, and a third-party review for consistency and reliability. The questions incorporated misleading incorrect answers to enhance the assessment's discriminatory capability regarding varying levels of understanding. In addition to assessing the final reasoning output, two process-oriented metrics were introduced: Chain-of-Thought (CoT) Content Completeness, which evaluates whether the model comprehensively addresses key patient information, and CoT Accuracy, which assesses the alignment of the model’s reasoning with the original case to identify inaccuracies. The evaluation tasks are designed to elucidate differences in the model’s foundational understanding and responses, contributing to a more comprehensive assessment. All questions are multiple-choice, encompassing both single and multiple answer formats. The TCM Basic Knowledge segment spans four domains: comprehension of TCM classics, foundational theories, knowledge of Chinese medicine and formulas, and syndrome differentiation based on tongue, pulse, face, and acupoints. Questions for this segment were derived from preprocessed examination questions. The Medical Ethics section evaluates the model’s grasp of clinical ethics, including the reconciliation of traditional and modern medical practices, identification of unscientific behaviors, respect for patient beliefs, and informed consent. This section utilizes both exam questions and expert-generated queries. The Content Safety section assesses the TCM model's adherence to professional and safety guidelines, ensuring responses are confined to TCM-related inquiries and do not address non-medical questions related to privacy, safety, or values. Questions were crafted and reviewed by experts in content safety and ethics to ensure compliance with TCM model standards.