Upon closer examination, it was found that individuals' attitudes toward artificial intelligence (AI) had a greater influence on the results than the experimental manipulations themselves. When participants' attitudes toward AI were integrated into the analysis, the experimental design did not significantly account for participants' liking of the music or the intensity of their emotional responses. In contrast, the influence of attitudes toward AI remained robust and significant. These findings align with previous research indicating that individuals' perceptions of autonomous systems substantially shape their evaluations of such systems (Hong et al., 2022). Furthermore, this supports Shank et al.'s (2023) assertion that biases toward composers may be contingent upon contextual factors, such as a song’s popularity and the extent to which it appears to be human-created.   While certain personality traits and music-related factors were initially correlated with participants’ liking of the music and their emotional responses, these effects diminished after controlling for attitudes toward AI. Notably, two personality traits—openness to experience and neuroticism—remained significant, consistent with prior research linking these traits to music preferences and emotional responses, such as happiness and energy (Gerstgrasser et al., 2023; Juslin et al., 2011; Liljeström et al., 2013). Such emotional dimensions were particularly salient in the musical stimuli utilized in the study. Intriguingly, attitudes toward AI emerged as the sole listener characteristic that significantly predicted both the participants’ liking of the music and the intensity of their emotional reactions.  Overall, the proportion of variance explained by listener characteristics was comparable to that reported in prior studies (Gerstgrasser et al., 2023; Strauss et al., 2024), underscoring the critical role of attitudes toward AI in shaping judgments of AI-generated music. However, in contrast to Ansani et al.'s (2024) findings, this study did not observe an interaction between attitudes toward AI and the experimental conditions. This discrepancy may be attributable to differences in the measures of AI attitudes, the focus on audio recordings rather than live performances, and the use of three experimental conditions in the current study instead of two.