As shown in Table 3, summaries generated from both audio and image inputs (▲) consistently outperform those based on audio-only inputs (▲) across most languages and models, even though the summarization models are text-only. The gains are most pronounced in English, German, and Italian, while results for Chinese show a slight degradation. We presume this is because English domain terminology is common in Latin-alphabet languages, whereas the linguistic distance between English and Chinese prevents the models from consistently benefiting from the additional context provided in English. Regarding question answering, incorporating visual context leads to slight improvements in most settings, though these gains are much less pronounced compared to those observed in summarization. In fact, we observe small improvements in most cases, but also performance regressions in four out of twelve language-model combinations. We hypothesize that the lack of consistent improvements or regressions is due to the fact that the model does not receive direct access to the image data, but instead only benefits from the enhanced textual context derived through multimodal processing, which is insufficient for reliably improving the model’s performance. Streaming speech translation has been the focus of extensive research over the last decade (Macháček et al., 2023; Guo et al., 2025; Papi et al., 2025a). Several lecture translation tools have leveraged this approach (Müller et al., 2016; Dessloch et al., 2018; Huber et al., 2023), but these systems primarily rely on audio input. In contrast, our approach extends lecture translation to multimodal input, incorporating both visual and auditory cues from slides, and producing multimodal output that includes translated audio and slides in multiple languages. Image-to-image translation remains relatively under-explored, although interest in this area is growing with the availability of larger datasets (Zuo et al., 2025; Li et al., 2025; Zhuang et al., 2025). However, much of the existing work focuses on text translation within images, without addressing the aligned re-rendering of the visual content. An initial step in this direction is (Tian et al., 2025), which explicitly models the rendering process. Our image translation pipeline provides a flexible framework, enabling researchers to integrate models at any stage, from OCR to translation and rendering, without the need to implement additional components.