Hallucinations tend to occur in specific patterns. Once a hallucination is identified by the detection mechanism, the affected segment is immediately reported to the fine-tuned model, initiating a feedback loop. In this loop, the model learns from its errors, including the specific error types, and subsequently generates a correct output for future predictions. Specifically, the model’s output is compared with that of the detection mechanism. If a hallucination is detected, the original input, the hallucinated output, and the corrected output are collected and fed back to the model for fine-tuning. The model then processes the same input to produce an updated output. Lang2Logic digests paragraphs into individual sentences, translating each English sentence into a logical expression before converting it to CNF form. This also simplifies the final CNF expression for downstream usage. Figure 1 shows the input paragraph at the top, which Lang2Logic analyzes and decomposes into four clauses, each represented by a distinct variable in CNF form. Lang2Logic then performs simplifications on this CNF form, and the final corresponding output is displayed in the lower portion of the figure. Algorithm 1 outlines the steps in the Lang2Logic process, starting with the input of natural language text and ending with the final simplified CNF logical expression. The system first initializes the grammar, transformer, and NLP environment, defining the Lark grammar for function-call syntax. The LogicTransformer is then employed to convert tokens into symbolic representations and logical function calls, such as And, Or, and Not. LangToLogic processes the sequences, applying the designated model for conversion. For each line in the model's response, a simplified version of the output is generated. The untuned model initially misinterpreted "implies" as a logical operator rather than its lexical meaning, resulting in excessive use of the term. However, the identification mechanism corrected this error. For example, in the input sentence "Dragon fruit grows in the forest. Peanuts grow on the ground, when people transplant peanuts to forest, they will not live and implies that forest is not a good place for peanuts," the system’s output would first parse each sentence and convert it into its corresponding CNF expression. The final simplified CNF expression is then derived as shown: P & (R | T | ~Q) & (T | ~Q | ~S).