We evaluate our knowledge graph (KG)-based system using two complementary experimental setups to investigate data attribution in generative models. First, we perform controlled data removal experiments on a locally trained model to determine whether our method can effectively identify influential training samples. Second, we explore the impact of stylistic elements in a black-box setting, utilizing Ghibli-style image generations. To do this, we construct a "Ghibli World" KG from the original movies and compare it against stylized images. These experiments allow us to assess both direct attribution and the traceability of stylistic influences within generative models. To ensure a fair and interpretable comparison, we replicate the experimental setup outlined in a recent search-based influence framework, which similarly operates without access to training parameters. This method consists of two stages: (1) it retrieves training samples whose textual descriptions are most similar to the user’s query, and (2) ranks these samples based on cosine similarity between their embeddings and the generated output. The most similar training images are then removed, and the model is retrained, facilitating an empirical evaluation of their influence. We apply our graph-based method under the same conditions, using identical datasets, prompts, and generative models. However, instead of relying on text or latent-space similarity, we retrieve influential samples based on the structural similarity of the extracted KGs. This setup enables a direct comparison between embedding-based and graph-based retrieval methods in terms of both influence detection and interpretability. For the generative model, we use a small-scale model based on the open-source dalle-pytorch package, trained on the Fashion Product Images dataset, which consists of 44,000 fashion images with accompanying captions. We retain the same configuration and hyperparameters as those in the original baseline, ensuring full control over the training data for experimentation with data removal and retraining.