In total, the dataset contains 81 questions, each addressing a health issue and a potential treatment. These issues span 50 disease and condition categories, such as "Cancer," "Low back pain in adults," and "AIDS," as well as one general well-being category, "Other," which covers topics such as weight management. Figure 2 illustrates 10 example disease and condition categories most commonly addressed by the health questions. The complete list of all questions and their corresponding categories is provided in Appendix Table A4. To investigate how language models respond to real-world biomedical knowledge conflicts, we developed five prompt templates to evaluate their performance under different question-answering scenarios. As illustrated in Table 2, for each annotated instance from the HEALTHCONTRADICT dataset, we generate five question prompts based on these pre-defined structures: Question: { Question } Question: { Question } Question: { Question } Context: { Correct Document } Question: { Question } Context: { Incorrect Document }. Our baseline selection was motivated by two main objectives: (i) to evaluate whether biomedical fine-tuning enhances performance within the biomedical domain, and (ii) to assess whether increasing model size leads to performance gains. Additionally, we selected language models capable of processing extended context lengths for long documents. Details of the selected models are shown in Table 3. Each biomedical model was obtained by fine-tuning the corresponding general-domain model presented in the same row. The term *Instruct* refers to models that have been fine-tuned to follow user instructions (i.e., instruction-tuned). Importantly, we did not fine-tune any models but instead performed zero-shot inference with the selected baseline models. We evaluate open-source language models ranging from 1B to 8B parameters to ensure reproducibility in resource-limited healthcare settings. As shown in Table 4, the difference among larger language models (7–8B) is minimal. Moreover, the fine-tuned biomedical model MEDITRON3-QWEN2.5-7B underperforms the QWEN2.5-7B model. These state-of-the-art evaluation benchmarks are limited in their ability to discern differences in model capabilities, as they primarily assess a model’s inherent parametric knowledge.