The main character's root linear and angular velocities, represented in the character's local coordinate frame at the last timestep in a movement sequence, are tracked to capture changes in speed and direction. Additionally, local joint movements, represented in the character's local coordinate frame, are considered at each timestep within a motion segment. Furthermore, the 3D positions of the character's hands and feet, represented in their respective local coordinate frames, are tracked. To evaluate the effectiveness of SMP, we apply the proposed framework to train policies on a suite of challenging motion control tasks. In Section 8.1, we illustrate the flexibility of SMP by utilizing a pretrained model to develop new control policies, thereby obviating the need for access to the original motion dataset. By training a style-specific model on a large-scale dataset, it becomes feasible to utilize this model for various tasks across different styles, simply by configuring the model to the desired style setting. Moreover, new styles can also be generated by combining the pretrained model with various style representations. In Section 8.2, we demonstrate that a single motion model can be leveraged to train policies across a range of tasks, including steering, target localization, and dodgeball. In addition to regulating the character’s behavioral patterns, Section 8.3 shows that SMP is also capable of modeling priors governing human–object interactions. By training the model on data pertaining to both human and object dynamics, SMP manages both object and character movements, enabling characters to emulate human-like interactions with objects. Furthermore, SMP facilitates the acquisition of natural recovery behaviors by characters, as demonstrated in Section 8.4. Similar to other distribution-matching objectives, the policies trained with SMP are capable of synthesizing novel skills that are not explicitly present in the reference dataset. In Section 8.5, when trained on a 3-second walk-jog-run dataset, SMP gives rise to distinct locomotion gaits that enable the character to accurately track a broad range of target velocities, while facilitating smooth and natural transitions between these gaits. Finally, to benchmark the effectiveness of SMP for motion imitation, we evaluate SMP on single-clip imitation tasks in Section 8.6. SMP is capable of accurately replicating a broad spectrum of dynamic and acrobatic movements, achieving motion quality comparable to state-of-the-art adversarial imitation learning approaches.