The prototyped scale consists of 9 items on a 7-point Likert scale, divided into 3 subscales measuring AI use-linked feelings of Shame, Guilt, and Impostor Syndrome. The real-world dataset was obtained through a survey study that included the draft scale items retained after the Content Validity Index (CVI) evaluation, along with other psychometric scales to assess the criterion validity of our scale. The online survey was conducted on Prolific from Monday, 03 February 2025, at 18:00 GMT, to Tuesday, 04 February 2025, at 23:30 GMT. Upon obtaining the real-world dataset, we compared it with the previously generated simulated dataset, using the same data analysis procedure as in Study 1. A demographic comparison of the two datasets is presented in Table 1. The SAGAT scale will be described in further detail in a future scientific article, following the completion of the traditional scale development process, which is partially informed by our experimental prototyping method. Group comparisons between real and simulated data were conducted using the Mann-Whitney U test. For the Impostor Syndrome factor, the Wilcoxon rank-sum test indicated no significant difference between real and simulated scores (U = 41,516, p = .13). However, significant differences were found for both the Shame (U = 29,457, p < .001) and Guilt (U = 26,392, p < .001) dimensions. These findings were further supported by Kolmogorov-Smirnov tests, which revealed significant distributional differences for all three constructs (all p values < .001). As such, these results do not support H4. Histograms comparing the distribution of the real and simulated datasets are displayed in Figure 4. To enhance the validity and reliability of our findings, we conducted a replication study by developing another novel scale. This time, we focused on creating a scale to measure AI-linked anxious beliefs, referred to as the "AI Anxiety" scale. It was developed using the same methodological procedure as Study 3, which is detailed in its corresponding "Methods" section. For a more thorough explanation of this procedure, readers can refer to the in silico development process of the scale using simulated data, which is presented in the Supplementary Materials of this article, as well as in the preregistration available on OSF at the following link: