Other approaches include CoT2 (Gozeten et al., 2025), which learns to produce token mixtures similar to training-free methods, applied to GPT-2 for logical reasoning tasks; CODI (Shen et al., 2025b), which uses a teacher-student distillation framework to improve performance on GSM8k for GPT-2 and Llama 3.1 1B models; and Token Assorted (Su et al., 2025), which generates new token embeddings via a VQ-VAE, training Llama 3.1 8B for mathematical and logical reasoning tasks. In contrast, our LiteReason approach differs from these methods in several ways. Firstly, unlike them, we do not rely on large reasoning-trace datasets like GSM8k-Aug, as such datasets do not exist for the tasks we consider. Instead, we exclusively use traces generated by the model itself. Secondly, we train only a lightweight Reasoning Projector for latent reasoning, rather than the entire model, based on the hypothesis that over-training the base model for token-embedding generation may destabilize its ability to generate tokens effectively. Thirdly, we allow the interleaving of latent and discrete reasoning, hypothesizing that, through RL training, the model will learn an optimal balance between them. Finally, although many existing approaches compare their results against Chain-of-Thought prompting, and some incorporate RL into their frameworks, to the best of our knowledge, none compare their final performance against a non-latent RL-trained model. We argue that this baseline offers a more realistic comparison for challenging tasks, so we include it in our experiments as an upper bound on performance and compute. While much of the reasoning research has focused on domains like mathematics and coding, there is also considerable work applying large language models (LLMs) to narrative understanding and generation tasks (Mostafazadeh et al., 2016; Fan et al., 2018; Huot et al., 2024; Yang et al., 2022, 2023; Xie and Riedl, 2024; Chhun et al., 2022; Karpinska et al., 2024; Sprague et al., 2023). Furthermore, much of the research on story generation focuses on specific sub-tasks, such as planning plot events or generating character details, which can be viewed as mechanisms for eliciting distinct reasoning patterns in models. However, these tasks are difficult to adapt to the RL domain, primarily due to the absence of verifiable rewards. In this work, we focus on two specific tasks that assess narrative-based reasoning.