To perform the frequency analysis and similarity processing, we developed a Python script in Jupyter Notebook. After sorting the terms from the book by frequency, we manually selected the significant words. Our data and results are accessible via an online repository: https://cite.lirmm.fr/tgeorges/interviewartefact. The repository contains the questions and corresponding answers, the interview analysis, topic lists, the notebook, and several bar charts illustrating the responses. In this section, we analyze the results for each research question: current good practices (Sect. 4.1), benefits (Sect. 4.2), risks (Sect. 4.3), and fears (Sect. 4.4) regarding the future of SPL. Table 3 presents the number of identified good practices, benefits, risks, and fears, which are then analyzed in more detail. The results are organized by topics and roles, in alignment with the methodology that guides the design process. The responses from the interviewees are distributed in a fairly homogeneous manner. When examining the responses based on years of experience, both the least and most experienced individuals provided a comparable number of answers. For instance, when asked, "Which good practices can be derived from this approach?", developers with 4 or 7 years of experience gave identical responses. Multiple bar charts illustrating the responses categorized by years of experience are available in the online repository linked in the article. This section of the interviews aimed to identify the current good practices that should be retained in the new approach. The most frequently cited practice is Factorization and Reuse. This is supported by team interactions in which each new feature is discussed to determine whether it is specific to one application or more generic, and thus applicable to all applications. Innovation is a key concept that drives the team to keep their knowledge up-to-date. This is particularly important to the participants, who have the opportunity to regularly update the code.