To better interpret the trends suggested by the accuracy and false positive rate (FPR) results, we examine verifier gain in the final row. Verifier gain quantifies the expected benefit of using the verifier during rejection sampling, which involves repeatedly sampling until the verifier accepts a solution, a common interaction setting as noted by Song et al. (2025). This visualization offers clearer insight into verification quality: self-verification yields the smallest gains, and more accurate solvers do not exhibit greater self-improvement. Moreover, gains increase slightly in intra-family verification, while cross-family verification provides the greatest potential benefits. We assess verifier performance across different model families and sizes. In Figure 3, we replicate the experiments from Figure 2 but plot each verifier metric as a function of model size within each family. Verification accuracy and the false negative rate (FNR) consistently improve as models become larger; however, the FPR behaves more inconsistently, often increasing with model size, as seen in intra-family verification for DeepSeek. For advanced post-trained models such as Qwen3 and DeepSeek, verifier gains are most substantial in the cross-family setting, smaller within the intra-family setting, and minimal during self-verification. At first glance, this seems to contradict Song et al. (2025), who report that self-verification GV-Gaps increase with more pretraining FLOPs. However, their analysis focuses on older model families, and Figure 2 similarly shows larger verifier gains for older models like Qwen2.5 and Llama3. Therefore, it is hypothesized that stronger post-trained models such as DeepSeek and Qwen3 exhibit negligible gains in self-verification and limited gains in intra-family verification due to two main reasons: (a) they may spontaneously engage in self-verification when used as solvers, reducing the benefit of an additional forced verification round, and (b) their distributions are significantly sharpened through post-training, which limits the improvement obtained from rejection sampling.