Values in brackets were procedurally inserted for each prompt from a lookup table of simulated participants. Each row in this table represented a procedurally generated individual with an age-ethnicity-gender combination determined by the representative UK sample stratification used by Prolific. Since Prolific performs age stratification in predefined ranges, the exact age of each simulated individual was randomly assigned within the corresponding range. After generation, each LLM-generated survey response was parsed using a simple R script and stored as a row in a spreadsheet. To account for potential idiosyncratic responses, three differently worded prompts were employed. Following the procedure outlined by Hewitt et al. (2024), we adopted an ensemble approach, averaging scores between prompts at the item level. A detailed account of the prompts used in the studies is provided in the Supplementary Materials. It was anticipated that the LLM model might produce an invalid response, such as one not formatted as comma-separated values. However, we decided to retain these invalid answers to simulate a natural workflow. These invalid responses were treated as missing data and replaced with the average of the valid responses from the other prompts. In Studies 1 and 2, which utilized pre-existing data, an example prompt was: "Impersonate a [Ethnicity] [Gender] of [Age] years from the United Kingdom. Answer the following questionnaire [...]". In Studies 3 and 4, which involved new validation, the process was slightly different. The upper section of the workflow describes the procedure for Studies 1 and 2, while the lower section outlines the two-phase procedure for Studies 3 and 4. H3.1 was tested by performing a Spearman’s correlation between the real-world and simulated scale scores. H3.2 was evaluated using an Intraclass Correlation Coefficient (ICC). H4 was tested through Mann-Whitney U, Kolmogorov-Smirnov, and Levene’s tests of variance to assess differences between the two data types. Finally, H5 was tested by performing the same multigroup CFA procedure as H2, but with simulated data only and using gender as the grouping variable. All CFA and M-CFA models were computed using the MLR estimator, owing to its robustness against violations of normality (Hox et al., 2010).