This section will review the current most common applications of AI in the field of exploration and point out prevalent errors frequently encountered in its application. Then, I will hypothesize on the probable advancements of AI in exploration, specifically through the perspective of decision-making. The ultimate goal of exploration is to make a new discovery, either near known deposits, referred to as brownfield exploration, or in unexplored regions, known as greenfield exploration. In the next decade, it is anticipated that more discoveries will occur in brownfield sites than in greenfield areas. Exploration begins by systematically determining potential locations of valuable resources, aiming to reduce the scale of investigation and uncertainty about the existence of economic deposits. Typically, this process starts at a large scale, such as large igneous provinces, which may have favorable geological conditions for magma to ascend and become entrapped in economically viable concentrations. Initially, geologists rely on geological mapping and airborne geophysical data to identify anomalies, potentially indicating significant subterranean features. This data helps to narrow the field of exploration, leading to more detailed fieldwork, surveys, and soil analyses. Subsequently, the costliest phase involves drilling to confirm or falsify hypotheses regarding subsurface structures. Ideally, decisions in this phase are made using rational methodologies that incorporate decision science, uncertainty quantification, and an appraisal of the value of information to minimize costs by assessing uncertainty relative to an economic threshold or other pertinent characteristics. Moreover, various data sources contribute to understanding the developmental processes of the mineral system, aiding in forecasting regions of interest for analysis. The data is not only used to identify mineral resources but also to empirically evaluate geological hypotheses, thus mitigating uncertainty regarding subterranean structures. Throughout the exploration project, various decisions are made, and the objectives of these decisions may evolve over time.