We propose a scalable approach for constructing multilingual safety guardrails that can generalize across a wide array of languages, utilizing data from only a few high-resource languages. Specifically, we develop a lightweight safety guardrail model with just 0.5B parameters that effectively supports over 100 languages, trained exclusively on data from 13 high-resource languages. Our research includes a systematic analysis of cross-lingual transfer both within and between language clusters from high-resource to low-resource languages, addressing the challenges in multilingual safety and low-resource settings. Early content moderation systems primarily focused on English; for example, Google's Perspective API was originally limited to English text. Subsequent works, targeting English safety, such as Aegis-Defensive, WalledGuard, and WildGuard, have shown promising results in identifying harmful or refusal behaviors in prompts and responses. However, recent studies reveal that popular language models generate significantly more unsafe or harmful responses for non-English queries. Furthermore, prompts in low-resource languages have demonstrated an increased propensity to bypass established safety filters. Consequently, new developments have explicitly aimed to address the vulnerabilities of English-centric safety measures in multilingual contexts. Alternative methods, like MrGuard and X-Guard, rely on translated or synthetic data of low accuracy, which often fail to capture the linguistic and cultural subtleties inherent in real-world low-resource language data. More recent advancements in multilingual safety include LlamaGuard3-8B and NemoGuard-8B-content-safety, both based on the Llama3.1-8B pretrained model, and DuoGuard, which introduces a novel two-player reinforcement learning approach. To our knowledge, PolyGuard stands as the leading model for safety moderation, introduced along with the largest multilingual safety corpus to date. Nonetheless, even PolyGuard's focus on merely 17 languages underscores the tendency of current multilingual guardrails to prioritize a small set of high-resource languages.