We have no prior knowledge of the factors being measured, except that the measurements are continuous and exhibit finite mean and variance. Therefore, we model energy consumption as a normal distribution, as this introduces no additional assumptions and provides a convenient basis for further analysis, avoiding the need for complex mathematical treatment and speeding up the evaluation process. Furthermore, we employ a multi-level model with a non-centered parameterization, which enhances the model's efficiency and convergence rate without compromising the validity of the results. We implement our methodology in Java 21; however, it is also applicable to any statically typed language targeting the JVM. To evaluate the applicability of our approach, we focus on a subset of Java. All Java source code statements are compiled into Java bytecode by the OpenJDK 21.0.6 javac compiler. To mitigate external interference and ensure that the energy measurements reflect the worst-case energy consumption (WCEC), we control several factors known to influence energy usage: we disable dynamic class unloading and just-in-time (JIT) compilation, executing the program in interpreted-only mode. Additionally, we fix the CPU frequency to its minimum value of 1.5 GHz and disable the wireless networking interface. The benchmark setup consists of 174 small-scale tests, each parameterized by operation type, data type, and input data size. For the data types, we profile 32- and 64-bit integer types (int and long), floating-point types (float and double), and reference types for arrays and objects. Table 2 presents the data sizes, while Table 1 lists all operations, each of which may exhibit distinct Bytecode patterns. For instance, we define three distinct patterns for performing addition on the data types int, long, double, and float (one pattern per data size), resulting in a total of 12 addition operation patterns. Arrays and objects differ in their operational semantics from primitive data types; we model an array for each primitive data type of size one. For objects, we use classes and static nested classes, each containing four fields corresponding to the fundamental data types.