We propose TACO, a test-time adaptation framework for VLAs that preserves the strong generalization capabilities of pretrained models while effectively constraining outputs to align with the success modes of specific downstream tasks. To enable accurate measurement of distributional shifts with minimal computational overhead, we introduce an efficient internal representation mechanism for pseudo-count estimation in CFN. TACO demonstrates a significant boost in the success rates of various VLA models, improving performance across both simulated and real-world tasks without prolonged training periods and with minimal latency. In the context of reinforcement learning, online RL enables an agent to interact with the environment, actively exploring the state-action space. In contrast, offline RL learns a policy solely from a fixed dataset, without further interaction with the environment. This creates challenges due to the distributional shift between the behavior policy that generated the data and the target policy being learned. Specifically, the offline dataset reflects the visitation distribution of the behavior policy, which may differ significantly from that of the learned policy, leading to severe extrapolation errors when estimating values for out-of-distribution state-action pairs. A similar distribution shift occurs during the SFT stage of VLAs, where the model encodes a wide range of redundant action modes, while successful behaviors for specific tasks are typically confined to a much narrower region. As a result, when sampling actions, the policy may select suboptimal behaviors. In TACO, we address this issue by employing an anti-exploration strategy that imposes policy constraints to keep the policy close to the support of the success data distribution. Unlike traditional offline RL methods that rely on uncertainty-aware or conservative penalties, our approach utilizes a simple count-based mechanism, which is well-suited to the structure of VLA models and operates independently of value estimation. Notably, count-based regularization has been successfully applied in both classical RL and recent RLHF algorithms.