From an evolutionary perspective, research has been conducted on emergent communication within multi-agent systems, with a notable example being the Talking Heads framework. Developed by Steels (2000, 2015), this project provides a model of language evolution that emerges through interactions, where agents refer to non-linguistic contexts in their environment. These agents develop an artificial language through language games, such as the naming game, which is designed to assign names to objects in their surroundings (Steels 2001; Steels and Kaplan 2001; Steels and Loetzsch 2012). More recently, their work has expanded to include the emergence and acquisition of syntactic phenomena, further investigating how sentence formation evolves (Steels and Beuls 2017; Steels et al. 2018; van Trijp 2016). In contrast, the MODOMA project differs in that while both frameworks involve agent participation in language development, the focus in MODOMA is on a single agent acquiring a fragment of a natural language, whereas the Talking Heads agents acquire an artificial language. Alishahi’s research has contributed to understanding language acquisition by applying algorithms to corpora, whether human- or artificially generated, to model the acquisition of lexical categories, word meaning, and early argument structures (Alishahi & Chrupala 2009, 2012; Alishahi & Stevenson 2008). Additionally, Matusevych et al. (2013) enhanced artificially generated input to simulate child-adult interactions, aiming to replicate data similar to the CHILDES database (MacWhinney 2014); however, unlike MODOMA, the algorithm in their study does not actively participate in the conversation. Beekhuizen et al. (2014) offered another perspective by modeling the acquisition of grammatical constructions using a single agent that processes generated representations of utterances and their meanings. Furthermore, Conner et al. (2008, 2009) explored the Baby SRL project, which models the acquisition of semantic role labeling by using annotated data from the CHILDES corpus or constructed sentences as input for their algorithm.