The project focuses on integrating new features and updates into the existing framework, emphasizing both technical IT aspects and advancements in agronomy. The primary objective is the rapid development of applications, achieving a faster production process than previous iterations. This is supported by incorporating principles such as code reuse, innovation, and speed. Initially, the project was conceived as a reusable code base to facilitate the migration initiative, aligning closely with Software Product Line (SPL) objectives. In our analysis, we identified seven exemplary practices, with Factorization and Reuse being the most frequently mentioned ideas, documented in 9 and 8 occurrences, respectively, as shown in Figure 1. Understanding the advantages of SPL is crucial as it serves to motivate the team. Customization emerges as the main characteristic of an SPL and was the idea most frequently highlighted by professionals in IT, user experience, and agronomy. An SPL is perceived as a platform capable of generating mass-customized software from a pool of existing components. Rapid development is the second most frequently cited concept by IT, Product Ownership, and User Experience professionals, reflecting the ability to quickly create new software projects. Moreover, automation was emphasized, indicating the capability to autonomously generate new software applications, with ITs and POs viewing automation and rapidity as interconnected. Industrialization—interpreted as the cost-effective, on-demand production of applications—was referenced by both ITs and UXs. Additionally, improving code quality, which includes standardization, testability, and reliability, was mentioned solely by ITs. Advantages related to sales, identified by IT and PO personnel, imply enhanced software sales capabilities and agility in responding to market opportunities. These seven benefits are illustrated in Figure 2, with Customization, mentioned ten times, emerging as the predominant concept, followed closely by rapid development.