Authors' Contact Information: Shuyang Liu, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA, sl225@illinois.edu; Yang Chen, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA, yangc9@illinois.edu; Rahul Krishna, IBM Research, USA, rkrsn@ibm.com; Saurabh Sinha, IBM Research, USA, sinhas@us.ibm.com; Jatin Ganhotra, IBM Research, USA, jatinganhotra@us.ibm.com; Reyhaneh Jabbarvand, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA, reyhaneh@illinois.edu. In tackling the problem, the approaches differ: SWE-agent Dev begins by pinpointing the bug to the client.py file (steps 1-4), creating a reproduction test (step 5), and adjusting multiple parts of the client.py (steps 6-8). Following two redundant failed edits (steps 9-10), Dev revisits and modifies a distinct block of the file (steps 11 and 12), executes the earlier reproduction test (step 13) to verify the patch, and submits the patch (steps 14-15). Conversely, SWE-agent DSK-V3 also identifies the bug within client.py (steps 1-6), but makes a solitary edit (step 7) and prepares for final submission without any validation (steps 8-9). Despite eventual success, both agents encounter strategic pitfalls: Firstly, SWE-agent Dev engages in line-by-line modifications in steps 6-8, repeats a failed edit twice in steps 9-10, and makes the final edit at step 12. Meanwhile, SWE-agent DSK-V3 completes the patch in one attempt (step 7). Secondly, neither agent conducts regression tests for patch validation; SWE-agent Dev only checks if reproduction tests pass on the patch (step 13), whereas SWE-agent DSK-V3 merely considers the correctness of the patch through edge cases (step 8). Therefore, this example illustrates that process-centric analysis, focusing on trajectories, can yield deeper insights into agents' problem-solving capabilities or failures. Recent attempts to analyze agentic workflows [11, 12, 15, 23, 29] have sought to derive taxonomies of failure modes through manual, expert analysis of agent trajectories. However, while taxonomies are valuable, manual analysis is prone to human bias and incompleteness, and does not scale well to analyzing new agentic systems. Moreover, raw trajectory formats often represent steps as linear, chronological sequences, thus failing to effectively capture the semantics of agent behavior, such as execution flow and problem-solving strategies, and whether they are efficient or follow expected planning.