Root linear and angular velocities are represented in the character's local coordinate frame at the last timestep in a motion segment. Additionally, local joint rotations and 3D positions of end-effectors, such as hands and feet, are similarly represented in the character's local coordinate frame. To evaluate the effectiveness of SMP, we apply our framework to train policies on a suite of challenging motion control tasks. Section 8.1 demonstrates the modularity of SMP by using a pretrained prior to train new control policies without requiring access to the original motion dataset. By training a single style-conditioned diffusion model on the comprehensive 100STYLE dataset, the prior can subsequently be used to train policies to perform tasks in various styles. Each style-specific prior reward is obtained by simply conditioning the pretrained model on the desired style label. Furthermore, new styles can also be synthesized by composing the pretrained diffusion model when conditioned on different styles. In Section 8.2, we show that a single motion prior can be reused to train policies across diverse tasks, such as steering, target acquisition, and dodgeball. In addition to controlling the behavioral attributes of the character, Section 8.3 illustrates that SMP can also model human-object interaction priors. By training the diffusion model on human-object interaction data, SMP learns to jointly model both object and character motions, thus allowing agents to employ human-like behavior in object interaction tasks. Moreover, SMP facilitates agents in acquiring robust and natural recovery behaviors, as demonstrated in Section 8.4. Similar to other distribution-matching objectives, the policies trained with SMP can synthesize new skills that are not explicitly present in the reference dataset. In Section 8.5, when trained on a dataset encompassing a brief walk-jog-run cycle, SMP autonomously leads to the emergence of distinct locomotion gaits. This enables a character to accurately follow an extensive range of target speeds and ensures seamless transitions between these gaits. Finally, to benchmark SMP's effectiveness for motion imitation, its performance is evaluated on single-clip imitation tasks in Section 8.6. SMP demonstrates proficiency in replicating a diverse array of dynamic and acrobatic skills, achieving motion quality comparable to state-of-the-art adversarial imitation learning methodologies.