In the analysis of imagery, it is imperative to consider image features like occluded joints and global context involving cues from inter-joints, inter-hands, hand-object, and the scene. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are widely used as backbone architectures in 3D hand pose estimation (3D HPE), with ResNet-50 being particularly popular. These CNN backbones rely on convolution operations with a local receptive field, providing a favorable balance between accuracy and inference speed. However, these local convolutions have a limited ability to capture holistic contextual relationships. Another line of studies leverages vision transformers (ViT) as feature extractors for hand mesh reconstruction, but their higher computational complexity often becomes a bottleneck in practical scenarios, leaving significant room for improvement in backbone architectures for better feature learning of hand poses. As an emerging foundational architecture, Mamba, originally proposed for natural language processing, has garnered considerable attention due to its proficiency in emphasizing salient input elements. Thus, it efficiently captures global context from extended sequences. Recent studies have adapted Mamba to image backbones; for example, VisionMamba introduced the Vim block employing a 2D bidirectional scan for spatially-aware sequence modeling, while VMamba further proposed the VSS block utilizing diverse scanning paths. Nevertheless, these mechanisms employ a fixed grid, which restricts their capacity to capture intricate hand pose variations in 3D HPE. Given this limitation, we introduce the Deformable Mamba (DF-Mamba) with deformable state space modeling to enhance robust visual feature extraction in 3D HPE. The core idea of DF-Mamba is to dynamically model local features and global context with flexible state spaces. Our DSSM blocks aggregate local features along a deformable pathway, selectively storing pivotal cues to represent the global context. The scanning path is adjusted through deformable point sampling, utilizing local anchors and learnable offsets contingent upon the given input features.