The prior-conforming prompt reinforces a belief aligned with the model's likely initial stance, serving both as a sense check and as a potential lower bound for belief entrenchment and accuracy. In contrast, the critical-thinking prompt encourages openness to counter-evidence and rational belief revision. All prompts used in the experiments are provided in Appendix C. This section presents our empirical findings. First, we establish an association between belief entrenchment, as measured by the Martingale Score, and declines in ground-truth accuracy, thereby supporting the notion of belief entrenchment as a critical issue. We then compare a range of closed- and open-weight models across different problem domains and configurations, attributing belief entrenchment to various factors such as model types, prompts, and reasoning techniques. Furthermore, we validate the use of large language models (LLMs) as judges. Notably, we observe more severe belief entrenchment in value-laden domains like r/ChangeMyView, where the Martingale Score is consistently higher compared to Forecasting. This suggests that belief entrenchment might pose a more significant challenge in domains where LLM performance cannot be easily assessed against ground truth. We also aimed to manipulate the degree of belief entrenchment using both critical thinking and prior-conforming prompts. We observe that belief entrenchment is more severe under a prior-conforming prompt and less severe under a critical-thinking prompt in Forecasting, but this pattern does not hold in r/ChangeMyView or OpenReview. Further discussion about factors influencing belief entrenchment can be found in Appendix B. As the ultimate aim of reasoning in LLMs is to obtain true beliefs, we demonstrate that belief entrenchment undermines this objective within problem domains where ground truth labels are available, such as Forecasting and OpenReview. Although outcome-based metrics like the Brier Score measure model performance, they reveal little about the underlying reasons for performance levels, necessitating the use of process-based metrics focused on reasoning. Our investigations show an inverse correlation between elevated Martingale Scores and suboptimal Brier Scores in Forecasting, indicating that belief entrenchment is a contributory factor to deficiencies in LLM reasoning processes.