48th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval (SIGIR '25) is scheduled for July 13-18, 2025, in Padua, Italy, organized by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), New York, NY, USA. More details can be accessed via https://doi.org/10.1145/3726302.3731944. E-commerce platforms, such as Amazon, Taobao, and JD, have significantly transformed consumer shopping habits. The relevance module is vital to the user experience; displaying irrelevant products can harm trust and revenue for e-commerce systems. Thus, relevance modeling, which evaluates the match between search queries and products, forms a fundamental part of e-commerce engines. Traditional relevance models, like term matching and vector-based methods, have been widely employed in e-commerce systems to ensure effective search functionality. Term matching methods apply techniques like TF-IDF and BM25 to determine the correspondence between queries and products but often fall short in capturing semantic relevance and contextual understanding. In contrast, vector-based approaches leverage BERT and its derivatives to understand semantic relationships between queries and products, achieving significant improvements in relevance modeling. Despite these advancements, they face two main challenges in domain-specific relevance tasks: firstly, the lack of domain-specific hard samples. Existing methods can achieve satisfactory results with moderate amounts of annotated data. However, further improvements often require numerous challenging samples, which are difficult to procure and annotate accurately. Secondly, constrained by their parameter sizes, these models often struggle with complex reasoning and relevance discrimination. Consequently, to enhance reasoning and comprehension capabilities, large language models (LLMs) have gained traction in relevance modeling tasks. Yet, most LLM approaches predominantly rely on the representation of the final token for relevance classification and use soft labels from the classification layer to distill knowledge into smaller models. This method does not effectively reveal which features influence relevance decisions, nor does it significantly enhance the reasoning abilities of the smaller models.