We have no prior knowledge about the factors subject to measurement other than that the measurements are continuous and have finite mean and variance. Therefore, we model energy consumption using a Gaussian distribution, as this not only avoids imposing additional assumptions but also reduces the need for more complex calculations, thereby expediting model analysis. Furthermore, we employ a hierarchical model with a non-centered parameterization to enhance model efficiency and convergence without compromising result validity. We implement our methodology using Java 21, but it is equally applicable to any statically typed language compatible with the Java Virtual Machine (JVM). Our focus is on a specific subset of Java to evaluate the method's effectiveness. All Java code is translated into Java bytecode using the OpenJDK 21.0.6 compiler. To mitigate external noise and ensure that the energy measurements reflect the worst-case energy consumption (WCEC), we exert control over several factors influencing energy consumption. Specifically, within the Java runtime system, we disable dynamic class unloading and Just-In-Time (JIT) compilation, enforcing execution in interpreted-only mode. Additionally, we fix the CPU frequency at its lowest setting of 1.5GHz and disable wireless networking hardware on the execution platform. Our benchmark harness includes 174 microbenchmarks, each parameterized by operation, data type, and data size. For data types, we profile 32- and 64-bit integers (int and long) and floating-point data types (float and double), as well as reference types relevant to arrays and objects. Table 2 summarizes the data sizes, while Table 1 details the operations, noting that each operation may have distinct Bytecode patterns. For instance, we define three Bytecode patterns for additions on int, long, double, and float, one for each data size, resulting in a total of twelve addition operation patterns. In contrast, arrays and objects operate differently from primitive data types; we design one array per primitive data type, with a size of one. For objects, we model instances from both standard and static nested classes, each encompassing four fields for each primitive data type.