Agentic systems are modern software systems composed of orchestrated modules that expose interfaces and are deployed in software pipelines. Unlike conventional programs, their execution is inherently stochastic and adaptive to the problem they are solving. The evaluation of such systems is often outcome-centric, focusing on success or failure at the final step. However, this narrow focus overlooks detailed insights into the systems' functioning, failing to explain how agents reason, plan, act, or change their strategies over time. Therefore, inspired by the structured representation of conventional software systems as graphs, we introduce GRAPHECTORY to systematically encode the temporal and semantic relations within these systems. GRAPHECTORY facilitates developing process-centric metrics and analyses to assess the quality of agentic workflows independent of final success. Utilizing GRAPHECTORY, we analyze 4000 trajectories of two dominant agentic programming workflows, namely SWE-agent and OpenHands, combined with four backbone Large Language Models (LLMs), to resolve SWE-bench Verified issues. Our fully automated analyses reveal that agents using richer prompts or stronger LLMs exhibit more complex GRAPHECTORY, reflecting deeper exploration, broader context gathering, and more thorough validation before patch submission. Moreover, agents' problem-solving strategies vary with both the difficulty of the problem and the underlying LLM. For resolved issues, strategies typically follow coherent localization-patching-validation steps, while unresolved issues often manifest chaotic, repetitive, or backtracking behaviors. Even when successful, agentic programming systems frequently display inefficiencies, leading to unnecessarily prolonged trajectories. Consequently, agentic systems powered by large language models (LLMs) have recently emerged as a promising paradigm for autonomously solving complex, multi-step tasks across diverse domains, including software engineering, web navigation, virtual assistance, scientific discovery, and robotic navigation. Similar to traditional software systems, agentic systems consist of modules such as LLMs, tools, APIs, and memory and have inputs, internal states, execution logic, and outputs. However, unlike deterministic implementations, these software systems operate by producing trajectories—chronological sequences of intermediate reasoning, action, and observation steps—that collectively implement the execution logic for task completion. Evaluation of agentic software systems has been mostly outcome-centric, with the correctness and quality of the produced trajectories determined by their capability to solve a problem.