Moreover, this approach fosters the creation of new products with innovations specific to each analogous business market. Such examples incentivize teams to engage in SPL adoption. Mitigating risks is essential to curtail resistance to change; therefore, in this section, we delineate various strategies aimed at reducing these concerns. It is imperative to address all apprehensions, whether related to these risks or not, as they can hinder effective adoption. Certain risks and challenges frequently recur in SPL adoption, but they are not insurmountable if we strategically guide the transition with these factors in mind. The perceived complexity often arises from a misunderstanding of SPLE. Nonetheless, even those familiar with SPLE may find SPL imposing formidable challenges. Complexity may exist within the SPL itself; however, it should not surpass the complexity of the existing codebase that the IT team is adeptly managing. Within SPL, certain concepts regarding variability are explicitly clarified through models, enhancing "understandability" and addressing complexity concerns. We posit that the necessity for training and demonstrations might be associated with this perception. Conversely, the implementation of an SPL serves as a temporal asset, facilitating the introduction of novel features and enabling more innovative forms of development. By articulating these potential benefits, we mitigate the risk of diminishing creative time, as highlighted by user experience experts, and delays in groundbreaking development work. Additionally, potential adverse effects can be curtailed with a more systematic approach to non-regression testing. Fears may be alleviated by dedicating time to attentively address the team's concerns and engage in discussions regarding their weaknesses and strengths. Furthermore, these fears are often perceived as biases, as articulated by interviewees. The perception of an SPL as an overly complex system that is challenging to utilize and adapt is understandable. Trust can be reestablished by providing transparent access to the SPL, accompanied by extensive explanations and comprehensive documentation, and by involving all relevant stakeholders in the project. The involvement of stakeholders begins by inviting their participation in the transition process, and it is crucial to incentivize regular reporting throughout each phase. This will enable them to feel listened to and understood, thereby facilitating assistance when required.