Energy consumption is a growing concern in several fields, from mobile devices to large data centers. Developers need detailed information on the energy consumption of their software to mitigate consumption issues. However, previous approaches have mainly had a broader focus on specific functions or complete programs instead of source code statements. Moreover, they primarily focus on estimating the CPU's energy consumption with point estimates, thus disregarding the energy consumption of other hardware components, which limits their use for statistical reasoning and explainability. To address these limitations, we have created a novel methodology that goes beyond measuring only the CPU's consumption and using point estimates, concentrating on predicting the energy usage of statically typed JVM-based programming languages, such as Java, Kotlin, or Scala. This approach measures the energy consumption of bytecode patterns, examining the translation from a programming language's source code statements to its Java bytecode representation. With these energy measurements, we construct a statistical model via Bayesian statistics rather than frequentist statistics, allowing us to predict expected energy consumption through a statistical distribution and to analyze individual contributing factors. The model includes three factors we can obtain statically from the code: data size, data type, and operation, as well as one factor about the hardware platform on which the code executes: the device. To validate our methodology, we implemented it for Java by focusing on Java's bytecode patterns and evaluated its energy predictions on previously unseen programs. The observations reveal that all four factors are significant. Notably, two devices of the same model may significantly differ in energy consumption, and the operations and data types cause substantial consumption differences. Furthermore, the experiments show that the energy predictions of programs closely follow the programs' actual energy consumption, further validating our approach. Our work presents a methodology—not a tool—which future work, such as energy-aware program analysis or verification tools, can use for their energy estimations.