Conversely, the daughter language model has been specifically developed for the MOD-OMA. Like Delilah, the daughter agent functions as both a parser and generator. However, its grammatical representations differ from those of the adult language model as they are initially underspecified, becoming more specific through language acquisition processes. A non-trivial similarity between the adult and child systems is their shared use of graph structures to represent grammatical knowledge; both systems’ parsers and generators effectively execute their respective grammars by unifying lexical structures to produce well-formed utterances and provide grammaticality judgments based on the currently defined grammar. Notably, a key feature of the child agent’s parser and generator is their ability to operate with an incomplete grammar—similar to how humans learn their first languages, the daughter language model must engage in dialogue with the mother agent before acquisition is fully complete. The daughter agent consists of three components: an automaton serving as both parser and generator; a grammar, which is progressively specified through acquisition; and a language acquisition device (cf. Shakouri et al. 2018). Crucially, the architecture of the parser and generator remains unchanged throughout the learning process. Language acquisition culminates in explicit representation of grammatical knowledge, characterized by newly incorporated lexical entries and grammatical attributes that limit their combinatory properties. Figure 2 provides a minimal example of a lexical entry. These structures offer detailed representations of words and constructions, encompassing phonological form, semantic content, and an expandable list of other acquired grammatical properties. Grammatical properties are formalized by feature-value pairs such as [CONTENT OR FUNCTION WORD: content word] and [CONTENT OR FUNCTION WORD: function word], the acquisition of which is the primary focus of the present study. As the learning procedures are unsupervised, the daughter language model lacks information about the labels used by the mother language model or grammar descriptions; consequently, the acquired grammatical properties and the semiform are assigned distinct alpha-numeric labels, such as property type 'A' and property value 'b', as shown in Figure 2, and further illustrated in Figure 3. These representations also encode other grammatical properties not explored in this paper. For instance, the terminal feature distinguishes between terminal words and abstract constructions, while the semiform index facilitates the representation of elements like reflexives. Furthermore, technical features such as the session identifier and lexical entry number are included to uniquely differentiate each rule. By simulating language acquisition processes, the grammatical framework can encompass increasingly complex structures, allowing both HEAD and ARGUMENT positions to contain configurations analogous to lexical items.