In this section, we illustrate the features of our interface using a use case scenario of "Picture Composition". Picture composition offers users clear information, such as the number of entities and events, and types of relationships, thereby providing an overview to guide the creation process. Figure 5.a illustrates a diagram for picture composition, while Figure 5.b demonstrates the story creation process of P4 with TaleFrame. P4 initiates this process by dropping the event "Jack shoves Ryan", which represents the first grid in the diagram, onto the canvas (Figure 6.f). Next, P4 attaches the two entities involved in this event to the box (Figure 6.g). Then, P4 connects the entities (Figure 6.h1), clicks on the connection line, and edits the relationship attributes (Figure 6.e), such as emotion_type, action_type, relationship_strength, and relationship evolution. The "action_direction" attribute of the relationship is shown by the "connect node", which defaults to the start and end points (e.g., "from Jack to Ryan"). However, in the event "confront each other" in the second grid, where the action is mutual, a switch button labeled "is bidirectional" is available. When activated, this switch automatically sets the action_direction to "bidirectional". By repeating this process, P4 completes the remaining three grids, thereby linking the four event boxes to finalize the story framework (Figure 6.h2). Finally, P4 clicks the "Modify Story" button, edits the title and description, and assigns the four events to the appropriate stages of the narrative. The story is evaluated on seven dimensions based on the same criteria (Figure 6.1), and a comprehensive suggestion is also generated from the feedback (Figure 6.m). According to these suggestions, P4 modifies aspects with lower scores, such as enhancing relationships between specific events. Subsequently, P4 clicks the "Regenerate" button to produce a new version. Finally, P4 uses the "Export" button to obtain the final story, the framework diagram, and the JSON file.