Fears are the concerns—subjective negative feelings about migration—that must be considered to reassure stakeholders. These fears are the perceived undesirable possible consequences. In responding to the initial two questions related to benefits, interviewees highlighted fears induced by identified risks. Two key questions that have indirectly supported the identification of fears are: - Do you see the relevance of such an approach in the company’s current processes? - What do you think about a platform to quickly develop similar software? The seven different fears identified are illustrated in Figure 4. Predominantly, IT personnel are concerned with inefficacy, excessive complexity, and resistance to change (see Table 7). Ultimately, regardless of their specific role, stakeholders requested training and demonstrations and expressed a willingness to assess the value of a Software Product Line (SPL) within their processes to better comprehend and adopt this new methodological approach. Consequently, based on current good practices, benefits, risks, and fears identified, we provide guidelines for preparing and conducting migration to an SPL. These guidelines were developed from discussions and decisions made within the company. In this section, we present the expected results (Sect. 5.1), followed by methods to exploit current good practices (Sect. 5.2), encourage future benefits (Sect. 5.3), reduce risks (Sect. 5.4), and alleviate fears (Sect. 5.5), as well as concrete actions to be undertaken (Sect. 5.6), and finally, a discussion (Sect. 5.7). Prior to conducting the interviews, we considered potential outcomes, anticipating that individuals with knowledge of or affinity for reusability would be most positive and interested, hence motivated to initiate and sustain project implementation. In our investigation, developers with more experience shared insights related to mindset, whereas those with less experience focused on technical aspects. However, this variation in experience was not significantly impactful in terms of the quantity or quality of the responses provided.