While GRAPHECTORY applies broadly to any agentic system, we focus on agentic programming systems, specifically SWE-agent and OpenHands, due to their rich and diverse trajectories. These systems involve cycles of planning, bug localization, code modification, and patch validation, all of which can be programmatically assessed. For our experiments, we run these agentic systems using four language models as the backbone: DeepSeek-V3, DeepSeek-R1, Devstral-small-2505, and Claude Sonnet 4, solving real-world GitHub issues across 12 repositories from the SWE-Bench Verified benchmark. Our comprehensive systematic analysis reveals various insights. Firstly, unsuccessful runs are longer and full of inefficiencies. Across agents and backbone models, GRAPHECTORY of unresolved issues are consistently larger than those of resolved ones, with increased repetition and inefficient patterns. Moreover, trajectory complexity grows with task difficulty. As problems become more challenging for human developers, agents explore deeper and wider, with more frequent strategy shifts to sustain progress. Additionally, these agents often refine their strategies adaptively; while they primarily follow the global plan outlined in the system prompt, they also change their approach at intermediate turns. This often necessitates additional searching and gradual debugging for harder issues. Despite eventual success in issue repair, significant inefficiencies remain, highlighting the importance of process-centric evaluation to emphasize the imbalance between efficiency and repair success. We formally define GRAPHECTORY below and will use these notions to establish process-centric evaluation metrics and analysis. To illustrate these definitions and concepts, we use GRAPHECTORY examples obtained from programming agents' trajectories. While GRAPHECTORY provides a rich representation of an agentic software system, its detailed graphs can be challenging to compare across agents, backbone LLMs, or problems. To complement the structural view, we define LANGUTORY, a compact, human-readable abstraction of the GRAPHECTORY that translates the trajectories into a more accessible language.