When conceptualizing a story, individuals can either start with an event as the focal point and then shape the traits and development of the entities associated with that event, or they can choose an entity as the centerpiece and develop a series of events that revolve around that entity. E2, who is a PhD student in literature, believes that stories can be broken down into structural units such as story outlines, sequences, propositions, and fundamental elements of speech. By progressively combining these structural units in reverse order, one can ultimately construct a coherent story. The parts of speech, such as a person, an action, or an attribute, can form a proposition. These propositions can be organized into a sequence, and two or more sequences can coalesce into a complete narrative. However, merely concatenating these units does not yield coherent stories. Therefore, the elements that bind these units together function as distinct structural components and are defined as relationships. Insights from semi-structured interviews with two domain experts revealed that a story is fundamentally composed of four principal constructs: entity, event, relationship, and structural outline. These findings align with those proposed in previous studies. The specific definitions of these constructs are detailed in Table II. Moreover, discussions with the experts provided an in-depth analysis of each foundational unit, revealing that each encompasses multiple interpretations. Events are the central elements within a narrative; however, the nuances of these events may be implicitly present in the narrative representation. Although events possess relative autonomy within the narrative framework, their interactional patterns are instrumental in constructing narrative tension and meaning. Furthermore, the identity of the entities involved and the content of the relationships among them can significantly influence the unfolding of events. However, the specific attributes of an entity's identity and the content of a relationship can also be independently categorized within their respective units.