This platform is 5-6 years old. According to the criteria of the FEF framework [vdLSR07], ITK's proprietary platform is classified as a "Level 3: Software Platform" with a reference architecture common to all products. This architecture includes a collection of common assets, and explicit variation points for new variants are defined. The migration goal is to reach an architectural level where domain commonality and variability are captured, and a standardized configuration for the complete software product line is specified. This involves strategic reuse based on an asset repository, explicit management of variabilities, and an established framework that governs permissible modifications within application architectures. Moreover, the integration of numerous quality engineering practices into the software product line architecture is essential. Variability management is explicitly addressed, setting allowed configurations for application architectures, and defining variation points and constraints for these variations, including compliance rules for specific versions. Ultimately, the objective is to provide a software configuration conducive to the automated synthesis of variants. At the organizational level, ITK operates at the fourth echelon according to the FEF framework [vdLSR07], implying synchronization and coordination between domain and application engineering. Project development is facilitated by strong collaboration between agronomists and software developers. The decision to initiate migration, along with collaboration with our research team, was reached through a collegial discussion with project leaders and stakeholders. Before starting the design of interviews, we had not yet established a definitive research methodology for the remainder of the project. Initially, we aimed to evaluate the perceptions of company stakeholders regarding the transition to a Software Product Line (SPL). Depending on the results from the interviews, we will proceed with developing a detailed methodology for the migration project.