TABLE III COMPARISON OF PERFORMANCE AND EFFICIENCY AGAINST REPRO. *Results for REPRO are cited from the original paper. P2C denotes Paper2Code. The Refine method requires manually designing separate evaluation and refinement prompts for each artifact—resulting in eight handcrafted prompts for the four planning artifacts in the original Paper2Code implementation. In contrast, our approach automatically adapts to each artifact by directly leveraging its corresponding system prompt, requiring zero additional prompt engineering. We conduct our evaluation on two benchmarks: Paper2CodeBench, containing 90 papers from top-tier 2024 conferences (ICLR, ICML, NeurIPS) filtered by code availability and length, where our generated repositories are evaluated against official author-released implementations using LLM-based judges that assess correctness on a 5-point scale, and PaperBench Code-Dev, containing 20 ICML 2024 papers with human-annotated grading rubrics for LLM-based functional correctness verification. Moreover, to the best of our knowledge, there are few existing methods that employ iterative self-refinement specifically for automated paper-to-code reproduction. Therefore, we compare our approach against the two most relevant baselines that employ iterative refinement for paper-to-code reproduction: (1) Paper2Code + Self-Refine. Self-Refine is an iterative approach that we also explore using GPT-4.1 as the foundation model. For the RePro baseline, due to the unavailability of its source code, we directly report the results from the original paper, which were obtained using o3-mini-high. Tables I and II present the performance of different optimization strategies on PaperBench Code-Dev and Paper2CodeBench, respectively. Notably, our approach demonstrates superior robustness across datasets. Even when optimizing only the planning stage, our method (Paper2Code with autoplan optimized) achieves consistent improvements. Per-task analysis reveals consistent superiority, as illustrated in Figure 2, which provides a detailed per-task breakdown of performance on PaperBench. Our planning optimization outperforms Self-Refine on 16 out of 20 tasks (80%), demonstrating robust improvements across diverse paper reproduction scenarios. In contrast, Self-Refine shows suboptimal performance across 10 tasks, with particularly severe degradations on certain specific tasks.