At the conclusion of the study, participants were invited to share any additional thoughts on AI-generated music (see Supplements C for detailed phrasing). Personality traits were assessed using a short version of the Big Five Inventory (BFI-10; Rammstedt and John, 2007), validated in both English and German, focusing on the five key traits, including Openness. Socio-demographic characteristics were evaluated to better understand the sample and examine the extent to which these demographics influenced the study outcomes; variables assessed included participants' age, gender, nationality, and educational attainment. Although the survey offered options for non-binary responses, all participants identified as male or female, and therefore, gender was coded as a binary variable. Additionally, participants' language proficiency in the survey language was assessed to ensure they could discern subtle differences in adjectives describing their emotional experience. All statistical analyses were performed in Python (v3.9.20), utilizing the pandas (v2.2.2) library for data handling, scipy (v1.12.0) for correlation and ANOVA testing, and statsmodels (v0.14.4) for mixed-effects models. Figures were created in R (v4.3.3) using the ggplot2 package (Wickham, 2016). Moreover, thematic analysis of open answers to questions about AI-generated music was conducted following Braun and Clarke's methodology (2006) using MAXQDA (v24.10). Additional participant-level robustness analyses, including averaging ratings across all songs per participant, are detailed in Appendix C. These analyses replicated the composer bias effect for liking but did not reveal significant group differences for emotional intensity. To assess whether the experimental condition influenced liking and emotional intensity ratings beyond individual differences and music stimuli, linear mixed-effects models with crossed random intercepts for participants and songs were fitted, controlling for personality traits, listening characteristics, and the music model used. The results are presented in Table 1.