Since all linguistic knowledge is explicitly represented and can be consulted by researchers with respect to both agents, this approach provides an insightful addition to systems that learn language without employing explicit representations, such as large language models. MODOMA implements unsupervised learning, as the input data to the language acquisition device are unannotated, and this module lacks access to the mother agent's internal processing. Moreover, the daughter agent can employ previously acquired grammatical knowledge as input for further language acquisition. This additional acquisition technique, introduced specifically for MODOMA, has been named internal annotation and constitutes a form of self-supervised learning. As far as we know, the combination of characteristics and research possibilities entailed by the multi-agent MODOMA framework represents a novel design. In particular, this system can cast language acquisition experiments based on natural language, involving an adult language model and an apprentice one. These agents participate in interactions, ensuring that all aspects of the system, such as parameter settings, input, executed language acquisition processes, interactions, generated utterances, and acquired grammar, are user-controlled, reproducible, measurable, and verifiable. Ter Hoeve et al. (2022) present a road map for a teacher-student loop to model language acquisition and implement two preliminary experiments. The first experiment aims to model separate domains with 'two strictly separated vocabularies' of an artificial language, while the second addresses unique structures modeled by token repetitions. As part of these experiments, the teacher selects a fixed number of training data from a set of pre-constructed sentences to provide them to multiple student language models. After training, these student models are evaluated with respect to a test set consisting of different sentences from the artificial language. Additionally, a teacher model is trained on another subset of sentences and subsequently assessed. The current implementation of this framework differs from MODOMA, most notably in terms of training and test data: whereas ter Hoeve et al. utilized pre-constructed sentences of an artificial language, MODOMA employs data representative of a natural language, generated online by Delilah based on an explicitly defined grammar model of Dutch during interactions.