The present work outlines a methodology for creating an energy model that illuminates energy consumption distributions in statically typed JVM-based programming languages. It investigates how primitive data types, data sizes, operations, and device instances influence energy consumption. Moreover, it provides evidence that various device instances of the same hardware model consume different amounts of energy, complicating the generalization of energy predictions. The paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides background information on Bayesian statistics. Section 3 describes our methodology. Section 4 presents the methodology’s implementation. Section 5 explains the evaluation procedures and addresses any anomalies in the results. The evaluation results are presented in Section 6, followed by a discussion of these findings in Section 7. Section 8 discusses related scholarly work, and Section 9 concludes the paper. Bayesian statistics is a statistical framework that aims to make probability statements about an unobserved phenomenon, given prior knowledge. While it shares a high-level objective with frequentist statistics—predominantly used in computer science today—it notably diverges in its model formulation and interpretation. Frequentist statistics focuses on constructing models solely from observed data, minimizing biases and assumptions. In contrast, Bayesian statistics makes biases and assumptions explicit, facilitating scrutiny and validation. In this study, we employ Bayesian statistics for two reasons: firstly, it requires us to make our assumptions explicit, thus enhancing modularity and explainability; secondly, it predicts energy consumption through posterior distributions, offering more detailed comparisons than the single-point estimates typical of frequentist approaches. We assume that energy consumption follows a normal distribution and falls within a range cautiously selected from prior work. This initial framework is then refined using a Bayesian inference algorithm to better align with our empirical measurements. When data is limited, initial estimates significantly impact outcomes, potentially causing inaccuracies. However, as more data becomes available, the Bayesian inference algorithm can adjust preliminary assumptions, thereby improving the model's fit to empirical data.