Negative samples span all potential active nodes. In Section 5, we demonstrate that integrating random and adversarial negatives is crucial to exceed the performance of TextMatch. The Contrastive Loss sets the training objective as a cross-entropy loss, where for each query, the model must identify the correct positive candidate from the entire batch: The encoder is initialized from publicly available E5-unsupervised checkpoints, with parameter sizes of 33 million and 330 million, and produced through sophisticated contrastive pretraining techniques. Notably, we apply uniform encoder weights for both queries and candidates. The pre-fine-tuning phase harnesses dense interaction data comprising 110 million samples based on weak signals such as clicks or saves and naturally occurring pairs of titles and descriptions. However, the fine-tuning phase utilizes a more sparse yet robust set of interactions that exhibit mutual interest, such as interviews or hires, combined with hard negatives derived from impressed but not interacted items mined from interaction logs. The training dataset for GraphMatch encompasses one year of user interaction data from Upwork, methodically divided with a temporal split of 10 months for training, and one month each for validation and evaluation. This dataset comprises nodes representing freelancers, clients, and job posts, alongside edges corresponding to interactions such as job postings, applications, invitations, interviews, and contract initiations. Freelancer and job post nodes possess textual attributes, including profile overviews and job descriptions. Moreover, these nodes are associated with numerical attributes pertinent to their categories, such as freelancer hourly rates, client locations, and job post classifications. Both the textual and numerical attributes are subject to temporal changes. In total, the graph contains approximately 9 million nodes, each mapped to 32 million temporal feature versions, and 62 million edges. To train GraphMatch, we utilize strong labels extracted from contractual agreements formed between freelancers and job postings.