File editing tools, such as create, str_replace, and insert, can be employed to develop or modify a test file for reproducing issues (Localization), fixing bugs in an application file (Patching), or validating a generated patch (Validation). In debugging, testing serves either to localize bugs or to validate the effectiveness of a patch. The agents utilize Python to execute newly developed reproduction or regression tests, while pytest is used to run existing regression tests. Depending on the context, the same tools or commands may have varied applications and, consequently, be assigned to different phases. In the GRAPHECTORY of SWE-agent Dev, the presence of a self-back edge, edge 9, and a back edge, edge 10, indicates potential inefficiencies in the agent's reasoning or tool usage, leading to repeat errors or the need to refine the localization plan as outlined in the first pitfall of §1. GRAPHECTORY facilitates the computation of process-centric metrics, which are essential for the analysis of agentic systems. Table 1 lists six metrics supported by the current implementation of GRAPHECTORY, along with formal definitions explaining their computation. These metrics quantify the effort an agent expends to complete a task. Although these metrics alone cannot determine the utility of the effort, they assess its alignment with the task's complexity and the agent's success in resolving it. The significance of each metric is as follows: Temporal Edge Count (TEC) measures the number of temporal transitions between actions. A higher TEC indicates a longer execution path to completion, as shown in Figure 2, where SWE-agent Dev's execution chain (14) is longer compared to SWE-agent DSK-V3 (8). Like NC, TEC values increase with problem difficulty, correlating GRAPHENCY complexity with the issue's intricacy. Loop Count (LC) measures how often the agent re-executes an action. As later demonstrated (§3.2), a high LC may reveal a suboptimal strategy, causing repeated failed actions as seen in edge 9's loop in Figure 2-a, or require reevaluation of reasoning after ineffective sequences as seen with back edge 10 (§3.3.2). Alternatively, incrementally re-executing actions may be necessary for complex issues. LC is akin to Cyclomatic Complexity [35] in classical software, which assesses the degree of branching and execution paths. In GRAPHENCY, branching implies local reasoning alters execution to a different path. Average Loop Length (ALL) quantifies the average number of actions taken before returning to a previously executed action. A prolonged duration to identify ineffective actions indicates shortcomings in reasoning or context-gathering. Our results demonstrate that agents focusing on a richer context during localization tend to have shorter loops, thereby swiftly identifying and adapting to reasoning inefficiencies (§3.2.1 and §3.3.2).