Humans possess a remarkable ability: given appropriate instructions, whether in words or diagrams, they adapt immediately to novel tasks without additional training. We have comprehensively compared the brain and artificial intelligence across sensory, cognitive, and motor domains by subdividing their computational processes into three components: circuit architecture, input-output transformation, and learning algorithms. Consequently, recent AI systems are converging toward brain-like processing, providing valuable insights into the computational principles of the brain. The neocortex and cerebellum predict future states of the external world from past inputs and learn to minimize prediction errors. Through this process, they compress and abstract information about the external world to form compact, powerful world models. These models enable three fundamental types of information processing. Firstly, they facilitate prediction by generating future information. Secondly, they enhance understanding through sensory processing, interpreting the external world by using abstract information within the world models, such as features, laws, and causal relationships (e.g., object recognition and text comprehension). Thirdly, they allow generation through motor processing, repurposing the future-information generation mechanism to produce other types of information output, including action planning, language planning, and imitation learning. This world-model-based mechanism is the key that allows the neocortex and cerebellum to accomplish a diverse range of functions despite their relatively uniform circuit structures and computations. In conclusion, world-model-based information processing is a common computational foundation that underlies a wide range of functions and intelligence in the neocortex, cerebellum, and AI. Therefore, a deeper understanding of world-model-based computation will be essential not only for advancing and bridging neuroscience and AI but also for illuminating the core principles of intelligence. The human brain learns far more rapidly than large language models, requiring vastly fewer examples and exhibiting superior computational efficiency. Moreover, new-generation large language models have improved their learning and computational efficiency by incorporating brain-like Mixture-of-Experts mechanisms, yet they remain far short of the brain's performance. As AI continues to learn from the brain to bridge this efficiency gap, neuroscience will, in turn, gain new insights from AI.