The RAIR benchmark consists of 63,601 samples, sourced from 14 distinct e-commerce domains. It is composed of three parts established during our construction process: the General subset with 46,775 samples, the Long-Tail Hard subset with 10,931 samples, and the Visual Salience subset with 5,895 samples. A detailed breakdown of the five challenging query intents within the Long-Tail Hard subset is presented in Table 7. For each entry in the dataset, we provide the query, item title, item details, SKU information, and an anonymized item image. Moreover, each entry is accompanied by its manual ground truth annotation according to our four-level relevance scale (L1-L4), whose comprehensive distribution is detailed in Table 8. Additionally, to aid subsequent model development and error attribution, each data instance is augmented with corresponding rule identifiers from our Rule Checklist, which serve as the basis for relevance judgment. In this section, we conduct a systematic validation and analysis of the proposed methods using the RAIR benchmark. Our experiments are divided into two parts: first, employing quantitative metrics to address two core inquiries: (1) the magnitude of performance enhancement achieved through model fine-tuning; and (2) the performance superiority demonstrated by the LORE model across varied data distribution subsets, including general samples, hard samples, and visually salient samples. Second, we employ illustrative examples to demonstrate the novel capabilities our methodologies bestow upon the model and the specific types of problems they enable it to address. To ensure the stability and reproducibility of evaluation results, all trained models implement a deterministic decoding strategy for single-pass inference, eschewing sampling randomness. We employed a diverse array of metrics to comprehensively assess the model's performance. Since the dataset is annotated with labels ranging from L1 to L4, we initially implemented the four-class accuracy metric (acc@4) as follows.