We planned the methodology for conducting interviews with specific intent. Our goal was to make them akin to discussions rather than rigid Q&A sessions. Before asking the first question, a succinct reminder emphasized the principles of SPLE and the objectives of the questionnaire. The initial questions aimed to capture the profile of the interviewee, understanding their role within the organization. We then continued with general inquiries about the company's development processes. Subsequently, the interview delved into more detailed questions concerning the current methodologies for new product development. This part sought to identify perceptions of strengths, effective practices, and the state of the development process. Discussing the current practices provided a transition to introduce a novel approach, potentially addressing existing challenges. The final segment focused on the migration, inviting participants to express concerns, perceived risks, and possible benefits. The concluding questions aimed to improve the interviews and wrap up the session. All interviews were conducted by the same person, the first author of this study, lasting between 30 minutes to 1 hour. Participants appreciated the process and felt involved in the migration project. Each interview concluded with the question, "Was there a question you anticipated that I did not ask?" This encouraged reflection, allowed them to share additional insights, and contributed to the flow of future interviews. Questions remained unchanged to ensure data analysis consistency, enabling participants to consider all aspects without altering the interview structure. Detailed notes were meticulously taken for transcription. Following given guidelines, the interviewer ensured questions were unbiased and non-leading. A pilot interview with our main company collaborator, supervising the research, was conducted to refine the questionnaire and enhance the process's fluidity. Data from this initial interview were not included in the analysis.