Contribution. We introduce Promptolution, a modular, lightweight, and extensible open-source framework for automatic prompt optimization in Python. It offers thoroughly tested and stable implementations. Our library supports multiple language model interfaces, NLP tasks, and contemporary discrete prompt optimization methods, which can be used interchangeably or replaced with custom implementations. Moreover, while Promptolution facilitates single-prompt optimization for practitioners, it also provides a low abstraction level and helpful tools for systematic and reproducible experiments geared toward researchers. Figure 1 provides an overview of how the framework operates. Outline. We position our work within the landscape of automatic prompt optimization tools and libraries (§2), describe the design of our framework (§3), evaluate its performance compared to unoptimized prompts and other libraries to demonstrate its utility and competitiveness (§4), and propose future enhancements for the framework (§5). Prompt Optimization. Automatic prompt optimization involves systematically exploring prompt spaces through various automated optimization strategies, which optimize both the instruction and the few-shot example components of a prompt (Cui et al., 2025; Li et al., 2025; Wan et al., 2024). This process is commonly categorized by the nature of the prompt space into continuous (Li and Liang, 2021; Lester et al., 2021; Qin and Eisner, 2021) and discrete approaches (Guo et al., 2024; Yang et al., 2024; Zhou et al., 2023). For comprehensive overviews of the field, we refer to Li et al. (2025) and Cui et al. (2025). Promptolution focuses on the language model-agnostic and interpretable discrete prompt optimization, which iteratively refines textual prompts directly, often employing another "meta"-LLM<sup>1</sup> to generate improved candidates. The following optimizers are implemented in Promptolution: 1. OPRO (Yang et al., 2024) utilizes language models as optimizers by providing a task description, examples, and previously scored candidates to the meta-LLM, which then proposes refined instructions. 2. EvoPrompt (Guo et al., 2024) optimizes instructions through evolutionary algorithms, specifically (a) a genetic algorithm (GA) and (b) differential evolution (DE), with the meta-LLM performing crossover and mutation. 3. CAPO (Zehle et al., 2025) is a recent GA-based alternative that leverages AutoML techniques to enhance cost-efficiency and jointly optimizes both instructions and few-shot examples, outperforming the discrete optimizers above.