In this section, we will review the prevalent applications of artificial intelligence for exploration and address common errors in the current practices. Subsequently, Part III will conjecture the potential evolution of AI in exploration, particularly regarding decision-making processes. Ultimately, the goal of exploration endeavors is to achieve new discoveries. These discoveries can occur near known deposits, termed brownfield exploration, or in uncharted territories, known as greenfield exploration. Over the next decade, it is likely that more discoveries will be made in brownfield areas than in greenfield ones. Exploration fundamentally involves reducing the scale of investigation by decreasing uncertainty about the existence of economically viable deposits. Often, it begins on a continental scale, for instance, examining large igneous provinces that may possess favorable geological settings where magma ascends to the surface via pathways in the crust and is trapped in conditions that allow for economical extraction. At these larger scales, geologists are guided by geological mapping and airborne geophysical data. Anomalies detected in airborne surveys are identified, possibly by comparing them with known deposits, thereby focusing ground exploration through meticulous fieldwork, geophysical surveys, and geochemical soil analyses. The next steps are the most costly, involving drilling to confirm or refute hypotheses about promising geological structures or mineralization. Ideally, these decisions are made with the application of decision science, uncertainty quantification, and understanding the value of information to minimize costs by effectively quantifying uncertainty relative to an economic threshold or other relevant properties. Various data sources aid in understanding how the mineral system developed, and this data is utilized to forecast regions or zones of interest. Moreover, the data may not only be acquired for direct detection of mineralization but also to test geological hypotheses and reduce uncertainty regarding orebody geometry. Thus, as various decisions are made throughout the exploration project, the objectives (considered as rewards in AI) of these decisions may dynamically evolve.