When the target is distant, the character transitions to a rapid running behavior to effectively reduce the distance. These nuanced behaviors emerge solely from the integration of a stationary score-matching motion prior and a fundamental target-distance task objective. Therefore, no motion planner is necessary to explicitly dictate the character's movement strategy. SMP provides policies with the flexibility to adapt dataset behaviors to create new skills for diverse tasks. For instance, in the challenging Dodgeball task, agents trained with the locomotion prior spontaneously develop agile jumping and dodging skills, similar to real human strategies in dodgeball. These behaviors were not present in the original dataset, as illustrated in Figure 5(c). Conversely, AMP performs inadequately in this task, likely due to the instability of the adversarial objective when the dodging requirement significantly diverges from the reference dataset that contains only basic locomotion motions. Policies trained using AMP with a static discriminator fail to produce naturalistic behaviors or strong task performance across all tasks, which suggests that adversarial methodologies cannot be effectively reused, even for identical tasks. Meanwhile, SMP allows a single pretrained motion prior to be reused across different policies and tasks. Moreover, the task return curves depicted in Figure 7 demonstrate that a stationary score-matching motion prior consistently offers higher sample efficiency, providing stable and informative guidance throughout reinforcement learning. Getting up from arbitrary fallen states is an essential skill for both humans and humanoid agents. However, this task poses particular challenges, as many existing methods rely on auxiliary rewards to suppress overly dynamic or erratic motions. Although AMP, which adaptively updates the motion prior during training, can effectively learn natural get-up behaviors, our method illustrates that even with a stationary motion prior, SMP can successfully train a robust get-up policy capable of recovering from random fallen states, as shown in Table 3. As depicted in Figure 5(e), the character, when knocked far away, manages to roll over, push itself up with its hands, and successfully return to a standing position. More qualitative results are best viewed in the supplementary video.