We prepared datasets with varying components: one with the complete set of foundational units, one without events, one without relationships, one without entities, and one without the story outline. Both qualitative and quantitative metrics were employed to evaluate the results. Specifically, the same test dataset, comprising 196 samples, was utilized to assess the fine-tuned models. Qualitative metrics were employed to score and assess various aspects of the generated stories, such as functionality and artistic quality. Importantly, the stories chosen from the preference dataset served as a baseline for comparison, thus enabling a quantitative analysis of the similarity between the stories generated by different fine-tuned models. Therefore, similarity metrics were utilized to evaluate the impact of the four foundational units. In terms of quantitative evaluation, we mainly focused on comparing the similarity between content generated by different fine-tuned models, using the same JSON input, and the original text. Each fine-tuned model generated three stories per input. Moreover, the original text was used as the benchmark, with similarity assessed using three metrics: ROUGE-L, BERTScore, and METEOR Score. ROUGE-L measures the similarity between two sequences based on the length of their longest common subsequence (LCS). Meanwhile, BERTScore captures semantic similarity, thereby avoiding issues related to surface-level matching. Additionally, METEOR Score combines various matching techniques, offering greater flexibility and robustness. As illustrated in Figure 7, the performance of different configurations relative to the preference dataset baseline is presented. Notably, the configuration incorporating all components demonstrated superior performance in terms of content control, semantic consistency, and linguistic naturalness in story generation. For the usability study of TaleFrame, we re-invited the 2 experts and 17 volunteers mentioned in Section 3 to participate. To minimize the inconvenience caused by a lack of inspiration during the creative process, we provided volunteers with various pictures. Volunteers were allowed to choose topics based on their preferences and engage with TaleFrame to generate stories. During the creative process, if volunteers were dissatisfied with the generated story, they could modify the attributes of the four foundational units in order to create a story that met their expectations. Overall, volunteers were required to engage with all of the interactive features provided by TaleFrame.