An overview of participants' characteristics can be found in Table B.3 in the Appendix, which reveals no significant differences in characteristics across the experimental groups. Participants were randomly assigned to one of three groups: (1) In the first group, participants were informed that the music excerpts they would hear were composed by AI; (2) in the second group, they learned that the music excerpts were part of movie soundtracks; (3) in the third group, participants were told they would hear music composed by both humans and AI, and they needed to indicate the composer identity for each piece. Consequently, participants in groups 1 and 3 were provided with definitions of AI and AI music tools prior to the music rating task. Following these group-specific instructions, participants were tasked with rating 18 music excerpts randomly drawn to ensure a balanced representation across subgenres and AI tools. Before the first song, participants set the volume to a comfortable level and familiarized themselves with all the emotion-related terms. The order of terms varied randomly among participants but remained constant across songs for each individual. Participants were instructed to rate the emotions they personally experienced, rather than those they perceived the music to express. Each music excerpt was played twice; during the first presentation, participants listened attentively without responding. Subsequently, the rating questions were displayed, and the music was replayed to minimize memory-related biases. Upon completing the music ratings, participants moved to the questionnaire section, where they reported on their personality traits, music-related behaviors, and socio-demographic background. Furthermore, participants' attitudes toward AI were assessed. After the questionnaires, a debriefing screen explained the study and the intended use of data. Participants were encouraged to provide any additional reflections on AI-generated music and their overall study experience through an open-ended question. The survey concluded with individualized feedback for each participant.