The traditional approach involves performing a deterministic inversion first, which is then used to make a deterministic interpretation, as shown in Figure 2. An expert geologist interprets the deterministic inversion by examining shapes, such as intrusions relevant to exploration. These interpretations are made with software that focuses on a single deterministic model. Consequently, geophysical inversion takes place before geological interpretation. It could be argued that the regularization terms help incorporate geological knowledge; however, this is often too vague and quite limited. As a result, the current approach leads to a redundancy in using the same geological knowledge: first through the regularization term, and again through interpretation. This results in a cycle of self-deception and circular reasoning. Conversely, the Bayesian approach addresses both aspects within a unified framework, requiring plausible solutions or geometries to be articulated before any inversion. Bayesian inversion offers relatively straightforward solutions that can be easily implemented and are broadly applicable. Let us revisit the scenario in Figure 2 to discuss designing a prior probability model. We begin by asking: what is the minimum information we possess about the subsurface before acquiring any data? First, it has been observed that petrophysical properties fall within certain ranges, and with knowledge of the lithologies involved, more specific details about these ranges can be determined. Additionally, the spatial variation of these properties is neither random nor constant over extensive areas. The formation processes of deposits lead to very specific variations in these properties. Conceptually, the minimum information includes constraints on histograms and the presence of spatial correlation. Mathematically, this translates into a spatial covariance model, known in geostatistics as a variogram, although there is uncertainty regarding its parameters—such as the mean, ranges, and anisotropy—which can vary substantially. Consequently, we have developed a hierarchical methodology as follows: