When a target appears on the left or right side of the screen, the participant is prompted to open and close the corresponding fist until the target disappears, followed by a period of relaxation. Similarly, a target appearing at the top or bottom of the screen requires the participant to open and close both fists (if the target is at the top) or both feet (if the target is at the bottom) until the target vanishes, followed by relaxation. By focusing on specific channels and optimizing feature extraction methodologies, we ensured that the captured data reflected relevant motor and premotor brain activities for effectively classifying motor imagery tasks. To address the risk of data misinterpretation due to evoked responses, we devised a targeted temporal analysis strategy. This involved analyzing data starting one second after stimulus onset, thus excluding the immediate post-stimulus interval saturated with evoked responses and allowing us to focus on the ensuing spontaneous brain activity. By emphasizing these more stable attributes indicative of the subject's sensorimotor state, our method enhances the accuracy of brain signal classification. Various data preprocessing techniques were applied before training the classical machine learning algorithms. Initially, we employed signal processing methods such as Common Spatial Patterns (CSP), which are widely used in EEG signal classification. In the context of EEG, CSP was first described by Koles et al. This method is employed to extract and discriminate features by optimizing the variance between two different motor imagery tasks or mental states. It involves transforming EEG signals into a new vector space where the variance associated with one class is maximized while that corresponding to the other class is minimized. The aim of this approach is to identify and apply spatial filters that highlight significant differences between classes. The CSP process begins with the calculation of covariance matrices for each EEG signal class. The covariance between two variables X and Y is calculated using the specified formula.